Odisha Tribal Tour
6 Nights & 7 Days
 

DAY 01: ARRIVE BHUBANESWAR
On the day one of your Odisha tribal tours, you will be arriving at Bhubaneswar airport and driven to the hotel for refreshment. Your first day of the tribal tour in Odisha will begin with exploring the capital city- Bhubaneswar. Visit the the Tribal Museum to get a brief knowledge of the tribes in Odisha and their crafts. And then visit Khandagiri / Udayagiri Jain Caves. If time permits visit Lingaraj
Temples, Rajarani Temple & Mukteswar Temple. Evening visit Ekamrahaat for Odisha Art & Handicrafts. Overnight at Bhubaneswar.

DAY 02: BHUBANESAR – GOPALPUR
On the second day of your tribal tour in Odisha, Post breakfast, drive to Gopalpur on Sea en-route Chilka Lake. Gopalpur on Sea is a retreat for sea- worshippers. This is the one of the magnificent beaches of Orissa and is worth visiting. Later, visit Chilka Lake ( Barkul), which is divided into an outer channel with a narrow neck. This channel leads into the sea and on the other hand, the main body of the lake has a muddy bottom plentiful in organic matter. Reach your hotel in Gopalpur on Sea. Check in, freshen up and take a little rest. You may use the rest of the day exploring the nearby lanes, communicating with local people, enjoying street food, etc. Return to your hotel and halt for an overnight stay.

DAY 03: GOPALPUR – RAYAGADA
Morning drive to Rayagada. On the way visit Taptapanithe hot spring & Gunupur region to see the housing of Saura tribes and the famous wall painting. Reached at Hotel & overnight stay in hotel.

DAY 04:- RAYAGADA – JEYPORE
In the morning visit the weekly market of Desia Kondh tribe’s and Dongaria Kondh weekly market – Jaharia Paroja Village- Jeypore. Overnight stay at Jeypore.

DAY 05: JEYPORE
Visit weekly market of Bonda, Gadaba & Didai. Later visit of Gadaba Village. Morning visit to the most interesting Bonda tribal market at Onukadeli where they come all the way to sale their home made country alcohol .In this market you will also meet interesting Godoba, Paraja, Dedehi and Mali tribes who come to this market to buy their weekly needs or to share a drink from the palm tree. Back to Hotel & Overnight.

DAY 06: JEYPORE: VILLAGE HIKE (DESIA)
In the morning hike for half a day to visit nearby Godaba, Paraja, Mali villages and back to the camp to relax. In the evening enjoy the Dhemsa dance by the host community and you may join to match your steps with the tunes of the local drum and flute.

DAY 07: DEPARTURE TO BHUBANESWAR
The last day of your Odisha tribal tours in the morning depart for Gupteswar region and hike by the riverside to visit Dhurubatribes .In the afternoon visit the weekly market at Baligaon and then board the train at Koraput for Bhubaneswar. Or Else Back to Bhubaneswar by Vehicle.

 

About Tribal Tour:
Set out on a interesting travel through Odisha, a state in eastern India famous for its dynamic tribal culture. Start your investigation in Bhubaneswar, the capital city, where you’ll visit tribal historical centers and social centers to pick up bits of knowledge into the different innate communities.

Travel to inaccessible tribal towns scattered over the beautiful scenes of Odisha. Drench yourself in their special way of life, wealthy conventions, and ancient customs. Lock in with tribal individuals to memorize around their craftsmanship shapes, conventional hones, and fables. Witness the captivating move and music exhibitions that shape an fundamentally portion of their culture.

Find the uncommon craftsmanship of the tribal artisans. Visit artisan towns where gifted people make complex Pattachitra depictions, earthenware figures, bamboo and cane items, and dazzling tribal gems. Witness their imaginative handle and bolster their craftsmanship by acquiring bona fide tribal makes.

Investigate bustling tribal markets, where the communities accumulate to exchange agrarian deliver, painstaking work, and conventional things. Encounter the dynamic atmosphere as you associated with tribal dealers and submerge yourself within the colorful embroidered artwork of the marketplaces.

Take within the common magnificence that encompasses the tribal locales of Odisha. Travel through rich woodlands, journey to mesmerizing waterfalls, and climb up beautiful mountains. Wonder at the biodiversity of Simlipal National Stop, be captivated by the cascading Duduma Waterfall, or enjoy panoramic sees from the crests of Deomali Slopes.

In case conceivable, time your visit to coincide with tribal celebrations. Witness the blissful celebrations as the tribes come together to perform age-old customs, sing conventional tunes, and exhibit their particular move shapes. Submerge yourself within the merry soul and pick up a more profound understanding of their social legacy.

All through your visit, hone mindful tourism. Regard the protection and traditions of the tribal communities, look for authorization some time recently taking photos, and back neighborhood activities that contribute to the well-being and conservation of tribal culture.

Odisha’s tribal visit guarantees an improving encounter as you interface with the innate communities, appreciate their aestheticness, and pick up a significant appreciation for their dynamic way of life.