Puri Jagannath Package with Gopalpur Tour Package
Puri Gopalpur Bhubaneswar – 6 Nights 7 Days
Puri (2N) → Gopalpur (2N) → Bhubaneswar (2N)
Trip Plan
Day 1 Arrival Bhubaneshwar – Puri 

Pickup from Bhubaneswar airport Proceed to the Puri.  En-route visit Dhauli ( the peace pagoda),  Lingaraj Temple, Chausath (64) Yogini temple. After reaching Puri check into the hotel in the evening and enjoy at Puri beach. Overnight at Puri.

Day 2: Puri – (Jagannath Temple) – Konark ( Sun Temple) – Puri

After morning breakfast, Darshan at Sri Jagannath Temple (Non Hindus are not allowed), Gundicha Temple (Mausima Temple), Bedi Hanuman Temple, Then drive to Konark on marine drive, visit Chandrabhaga beach & Ramchandi temple. Then visit the famous Sun Temple called black Pagoda, The 12th century temple richly decorated with stone carving. In the evening enjoy light & sound show in Konark (by own cost). Evening return to Puri, in the evening enjoy and relax at golden beach, free time shopping at Puri local market. Overnight at Puri.

Day 3 : Puri – Barkul Chilika – Gopalpur 

After Breakfast Check Out From the Hotel. Proceed to Barkul ( Chilika) to Visit Asia’s largest sweet wdriveater lake. Visit the Kalijai Temple in the middle of the lake. Check in the Resort. Then drive to Gopalpur, check in hotel. Overnight at Gopalpur.

Day 4: Gopalpur – Chandragiri – Taptapani – Gopalpur

After Breakfast Chandragiri to visit the Buddhist Monastery (Approx. 80Km Drive), later proceed to Taptapani to take a bath at Hot Water Spring. Enjoy the rest of the day at leisure as you can spend the free time the way you want. After Visit Back to Gopalpur. Evening Leisure at Beach. Overnight at Gopalpur.

Day 5: Gopalpur – Bhubaneswar Local 

After breakfast drive to Bhubanehswar and visit local Bhubaneshwar and visit Rajarani temple, Mukteshwar temple, Parshurameshwaram Temple, Khandagiri, Udaygiri jain caves, overnight at Bhubaneswar.

Day 6: Bhubaneswar Local

After breakfast check out from the hotel and visit Nandankanan Zoo (This zoo is famous for variety wild life sanctuary & also famous for white Tiger & Lion Safari (Closed On Monday), Tribal museum (Closed On Monday). Overnight at Bhubaneswar.

Day 7: Bhubaneswar Departure.

After breakfast check out from the hotel then visit Ekamra haat (If time permits) then​ ​transfer to the airport/railway station to catch the flight/ train for onward Journey with a bag full of memories.

 

Please note: 

1: Nandan Kanan, state Museum and Tribal Museum remain closed on Monday and on state holidays.