Offbeat North East Packageoffbeat North East Package – 7 Nights & 8 Days
 

Offbeat North East Package overview:
If you want to see nature’s real beauty then a visit North East India. Consisting of 7 states also called ‘Seven Sisters’ North East India has some real surprises for the travelers coming here. Not so much established on the travelers map, yet the North Eastern India, has its own charm that will sweep you off your feet. North East India Tourism holds various tourist attractions and famous places to visit that you are going to know in this North East India Travel Info Guide.

Offbeat North East Package Itinerary:
Day 1: Arrive Guwahati
Meet and assist by The Cat Holidays representative at the Guwahati Airport or Railway Station and transfer to Kaziranga National Park, the home of “One Horned Rhinoceros”. Arrive and check in at your hotel. Evening free for leisure or explore the local market. Overnight stay in Kaziranga. Optional: Bihu Dance could be organized on request.

 

Day 2: Kaziranga National Park
Early morning explore any one zone of Kaziranga National Park on back of Elephant i.e. Elephant Safari (Optional: Unless it is mentioned in the inclusion). Get up early morning at 5.30 AM and start for both central range ‘Kohora’ and western range ‘Bagori’. At 6:30 AM return to the hotel or resort for breakfast. After breakfast take little rest in the resort or hotel. Afternoon around 01.45 PM you have Jeep Safari in Central range. Return back to resort or hotel.

Overnight in Kaziranga.

 

Day 3: Kaziranga To Nameri
After breakfast, transfer to Nameri. On the way to Nameri you will be visiting Tezpur. Tezpur is the city of blood and has a magnificent scenic beauty boasting of Art, Culture and Literature. Visit the Bamuni Hills, The Hazara Pukhmi, Cole Park and Agnigarh.

Overnight in Nameri Lodge.

 

Day 4: Nameri National Park
Have your breakfast choose between trekking or rafting. You can go for trekking in the range with a forest guard or later you can go for rafting in Jia Bhorali. Then Visit Nameri National Park. Another important wild life sanctuary of Arunachal Pradesh The Pakhui (Pakke) wild life Sanctuary adjoins the Park on its North-Eastern point. The river Jia- Bhoroli and its tributaries namely the Diji, Dinai, Doigurung, Nameri, Dikorai, Kharietc crisscross the park. Enjoy rafting in the Jia Bhoroli river in the south western boundary.

Overnight at Nameri.

 

Day 5: Nameri To Shillong
After breakfast, check out from the hotel and then drive to Shillong. The ‘Gleneagles of the East’ lies in the centre of a plateau surrounded by Khasi hills. En-route visit Umium Lake or Barapani Park. Evening visit famous Police Bazaar of Shillong. Overnight at Shillong.

 

Day 6: Shillong Sightseeing

After breakfast, full day sightseeing of Shillong. The ‘Gleneagles of the East’ lies in the centre of a plateau surrounded by Khasi hills. The gorgeous city offers amazing tourist spots. Visit Don Bosco Museum of Indigenous Culture, Ward’s Lake is popular for short garden walks and boating. Botanical Garden offers plethora of indigenous and exotic plants and rare collection of orchids. Butterfly Museum is a storehouse of finest and rarest species of butterflies and moths. Lady Hydari Park is a Japanese style landscaped park endowed with streaches of roses and exquisite flowers. The Mini Zoo adjacent to the park has about 73 birds, 140 reptiles and mammals. Golf Course is one of the largest Golf courses in Asia. Spend the evening in the splendid arena. State Museum is a display of the lifestyle and heritage of the people of Meghalaya. Elephant Falls is a mountain stream gorging down two successive falls set in dells of fern covered rocks. Shillong Peak displays a mesmerizing view of the scenic country side. A unique spot of Shillong is Archery Stakes. A gambling sport which is held every day (except Sundays) at 4.00 PM. Later come back to hotel.

Overnight in Shillong.

 

Day 7: Shillong To Guwahati
After breakfast, come back to Guwahati. Guwahati, Visit numerous temples like Maa Kamakhya Temple, Sukreshwar Temple, Umananda Temple, Navagraha Temple, Bashistha Ashram, Tirupathi Balaji Temple and many more. Visit the Second world war Cemetery, State Museum, State Zoo and Srimanta Sankardeva Kalakshetra (A museum of Assam diverse culture) and Science Museum beside the temples. Optional: Boat Cruise at Brahmaputra River in the evening.

Overnight at Guwahati.

 

Day 8: Departure
After breakfast, return back to Guwahati Airport or Railway station for your departure. Your tour ends here with pleasant memories.

 

Tentative Itinerary

Note: Above Itinerary is just indicative. Do not consider it as a Final Schedule. Date & Time of Tours can be changed by Local Agent / Tour Operator.