Dwarkadhish – Bhalka Tirth – Dakor – Shamlaji – Nathdwarka
 

Day 1: Ahmedabad – Dwarka (450 kms/9hrs)
Today arrival at Ahmedabad, Proceed towards Dwarka. Enroute we will visit Bala Hanuman Temple in Jamnagar. Dwarka is considered to be one of the Chardhams and Saptrishi as per Hindu Religion. Reach Dwarka and visit the marvellous Dwarkadhish Temple and Gomti Ghat.

Day 2: Dwarka
Today morning after refreshment and breakfast, we will visit Bet Dwarka – an island in the Gulf of Kutch, Rukmani Temple – the temple dedicated to wife of Lord Krishna. Thereby Visit and Nageshwar Jyortirlinga – one of the 12 Jyortirlingas dedicated to Lord Shiva in Hindu Religion, Gopi Talav. Evening leisure at Shivrajpur beach and overnight stay.

Day 3: Dwarka – Porbandar – Somnath (250 kms/5hrs)
Today morning after refreshment and breakfast, proceed towards Somnath. Enroute we will visit Porbandar Sightseeing such as Kirti Mandir – birthplace of Mahatma Gandhi and Sudama Temple – a temple dedicated to Sudama, a close friend of Lord Krishna in Porbandar on the way. Reach Somnath. Check in at hotel and after refreshment we will visit Bhalka Tirth – the place where Lord Krishna attained Moksha. Visit the Holy Triveni Sangam of Hiran, Kapil and Saraswati Rivers to wash off your sins, Somnath Mahadev Temple – Considered to be the first of the 12 Jyortirlingas. Feel the divinity in the evening arti and watch the Light and Sound Show to feel the grandeur of the Somnath Temple. Overnight stay at Somnath.

Day 4: Somnath – Bhavnagar (280 kms/6hrs)
Today morning after refreshment and breakfast, we will proceed towards Bhavnagar, Check in at hotel and after refreshment we will visit Nishkalank Mahadev – 5 Shivalingas in the Gulf of Khambhat believed to be established by the Pandavas as per Mahabharata where darshan can be done only in low tides. Overnight stay at Bhavnagar

Day 5: Bhavnagar – Vadodara (250 kms/5hrs)
Today morning after refreshment and breakfast, check out and proceed towards Vadodara with a visit to Lothal – an ancient Indus Valley Civilization Port on the way. Reach Vadodara, check in at hotel and after refreshment we will visit Golden Statue of Lord Shiva at Sur Sagar Lake, Sayaji Baugh. Overnight at Vadodara.

Day 6: Vadodara – Pavagadh (55Km/1hr) – Dakor (62Km/1hr) – Ahmedabad (155Km/3hrs)
Today morning after refreshment and breakfast, we will Proceed to Pavagadh. It’s one of the Saktipith in Gujarat. We will Visit Shri Mahakali Mataji Temple in Pavagadh Hill. and then we will Visit Dakor(62Km,2Hr) to visit Ranchhodraiji Temple of Dakor – a temple dedicated to Lord Krishna. Return back to Ahmedabad and time is for leisure and shopping. Overnight stay at Ahmedabad.

Day 7: Ahmedabad – Shamlaji (132km/3hrs) – Ambaji (120Km/3hrs)
After refreshing and checking out early this morning, we will embark on a visit to the ancient Vaishnav Temple at Shamlaji, which is one of the Panch Dwarkas in Gujarat. Following that, we will journey to Ambaji, a temple that holds special significance as one of the 51 Shaktipiths. This sacred site is imbued with the divine presence of Goddess Amba. We will conclude our day by spending the night in Ambaji.

Day 8: Ambaji – Udaipur (180Km/4hrs)
Today, after refreshing ourselves and having breakfast in the early morning, we’ll make our way to Ambaji Temple, situated atop a hill. We’ll have the option to ascend either by climbing or taking a ropeway. Afterwards, we’ll continue our journey towards Udaipur. There, we’ll have leisure time to explore local shopping areas or simply relax. We’ll spend the night in Udaipur.

Day 9: Udaipur – Shrinathaji – Eklingji – Udaipur
Today after refreshing and having breakfast, we will proceed towards Nathdwara (50Km/1hr) to seek the divine blessings of Lord Shrinathji, a beloved form of Lord Krishna. Experience the sacred bliss of the darshan, followed by a visit to the Kankroli Temple (18Km,40Min). Continuing our spiritual journey, we will then head to Eklingji, the revered temple dedicated to Lord Shiva. Finally, we will return to Udaipur for an overnight stay.

Day 10: Udaipur – Ujjain (335km/7hrs)
Today morning after refreshment and breakfast, we will Visit Ujjain is one of holiest cities as per Hindu Religion and one of the four places where the Kumbh Mela is held. Visit Kal Bhairav Temple – a temple of guardian deity of the city where the common worship is done through Liquor. Visit the Mangalnath Temple – believed to be the birthplace of Mangal (one of the planets) where astronomical studies were done in ancient times. Overnight stay at Ujjain.

Day 11: Ujjain – Indore (60Km/1hr)
This early morning we visit the Mahakaleshwar Temple – one of 12 Jyotirlinga’s for Bhasma Arti at 4:00 AM which is believed to be worth to witness if you visit the temple. After breakfast and refreshments, we’ll set out for Indore. Check in at hotel and after fresh n up we will visit Rajwada Palace, a majestic symbol of the Holkar dynasty’s grandeur, followed by the serene ISKCON Temple dedicated to Lord Krishna. In the evening, we’ll explore Sarafa Bazaar, where the streets burst with a delightful array of street food stalls offering local delicacies, sweets, and snacks. We’ll spend the night in Indore.

Day 12: Indore – Omkareshwar (80km/3hrs)– Indore(80km/3hrs)
Today early morning, Check out and proceed towards Omkareshwar which is also one of the 12 Jyotirlinga’s dedicated to Lord Shiva. Set at a picturesque location on the banks of Holy River Narmada, the place is a treat for the Pilgrims and scenic lovers. Return to Indore and overnight stay.

Day 13: Indore Drop
Today morning after refreshment and breakfast, we will do check out and drop at Indore Railway Station/Airport as per schedule.