Itinerary:  
Day 01: Arrival- Corbyn’s Cove- Cellular Jail Light & Sound Show
Arrival at Port Blair in the afternoon and transfer to respective Hotel. After checkin and some rest, take a drive towards Corbyn’s Cove Beach, about 7 kms from Port Blair. This coconut palm fringed beach, is ideal for swimming. Later proceed to the National Monument the Cellular Jail, and witness the saga of the Indian Freedom struggle through the Light and Sound Show, held within the same complex. Return to Hotel. Stay Overnight in Port Blair

Day 02: Havelock Island
After breakfast and as per ferry timing transfer to Jetty to take the onward ferry to Havelock Island.  On arrival at Havelock Island, our representative will receive and escort you to check-in to the respective hotel / resort. After checkin, proceed to the Radhanagar Beach, one of the most picturesque beaches on the Islands. The beach has also been ranked 07th among the beaches of Asia by the TIME magazine. Return to hotel / resort. Stay Overnight in  Havelock Island.

Day 03: Havelock – Neil Island. (Check out time 0800 hrs)
After an early breakfast, and as per ferry timing proceed to the Jetty to take the Ferry to Neil Island. After check-in at hotel, proceed for sightseeing of this lush green Island is known for its plantations and tropical forests. The pristine white sandy beaches at Sitapur, Bharatpur and Howrah Bridge are worth a visit. The breath-taking view of sea and the lush green forests on the island rejuvenate the senses.  Return to hotel. Stay Overnight in Neil Island.

Day 04: Return to Port Blair from Neil Island.( Check out time 0800 hrs)
Morning at leisure.   Later in the afternoon transfer to Havelock Jetty to take the return ferry to Port Blair as per ferry timing. Upon return from Havelock Island, transfer to Hotel. Overnight stay at respective Hotel / Resort at Port Blair.

Day 05:  Ross Island + North Bay (closed on Wednesday)
After Breakfast visit the Administrative Capital Prior to Independence from where the Britishers governed the entire A & N Islands-ROSS ISLAND, A destination for Nature Walk amidst friendly Deer’s & Peacocks. Smritika Museum, records the life of its political prisoners. Excursion to North Bay – Coral Island, with Glass Bottom Ride & Snorkeling (optional) one can explore the Coral reefs underneath. Overnight in Port Blair.

Day 06:  Port Blair City Tour- Chidyatapu
After Breakfast  proceed for a City Tour of Port Blair which includes the Fisheries Museum (Aquarium) – exhibits species of marine life peculiar to the islands, Anthropological Museum – displays tribal essential and artefacts’, Naval Marine Museum (Samudrika) – gives a good retrospect of the history, shells, Corals marine life, geography and archaeology of these islands, visit the National Memorial-Cellular Jail, Designed especially for solitary confinement it earned the Islands the dreaded name of Kala Pani,  and the Water Sports complex.After lunch proceed to Chidyatapu – famous for lush green mangroves, forest cover with numerous chirping birds and Sandy beach (Known as the Sunset Point).Overnight at Port Blair.

Day 07: Departure
Drop at Airport. Return home with memories of a wonderful holiday.( Check out time 0800 hrs)
End of Tour