Day 1: Arrive Bangalore – Bangalore Local Sightseeing

After Pick-up, proceed to visit Lalbagh, Bull Temple, Vidansaudha(drive past), Vishveshwarya Technological Museum, Art Gallery, Cubbon Park, Indira Gandhi Musical Fountain Park and ISKON temple. Overnight stay at Bangalore

Day 2: Bangalore to Mysore

After breakfact, check-out from the hotel & proceed to Mysore. En route visit Srirangapatna(Dariya Daulat Bagh, Gumbaz, Tippu Fort and Temple). On arrival check in to hotel. Evening proceed to Brindavan Garden. Overnight stay at Mysore.

Day 3: Coorg: Arrival and sightseeing on the way

Touring through the forest and sighting scenic beauty

On the third day of holiday package, you can check out from the hotel in Mysore after having breakfast and then you can proceed for a sightseeing tour to Chamundi hills and Mysore zoo. Once you are done with the sightseeing trip you can head out to Coorg. On your arrival at Coorg you can rest for a while in the hotel and then head out for a sightseeing trip to Cauvery Nisargadhama, Dubare Reserve Forest, ( Elephant camp ) and Bylekuppe – Tibetan Temple. There will be an overnight stay in the hotel at Coorg.

Day 4: Coorg: Sightseeing

​Enjoy the Temple Tours

After having breakfast at the hotel, you can proceed for a sightseeing trip to Bhagamandala, Talacauvery, Abbi Falls, Raja’s Seat, and Omkareshwara Temple. In the evening you are free to shop in the local market. Then you can return back to the hotel and have a night stay.

Day 5: Ooty: Arrival and sightseeing on the way

Wildlife tours at Dubare Reserve Forest

You can have your breakfast at the hotel and then head out for a sightseeing trip to Dubare Reserve Forest and then proceed to Ooty. On your arrival at Ooty, you can rest for a while and then visit Bandipur safari, OOTY LAKE and Boathouse. In the evening, you are free to go shopping and then return to the hotel for a night stay.

Day 6: Ooty: Sightseeing

Beautiful garden tour

You can have breakfast at the hotel on the sixth day of package and then head out for a full day trip to Doddabetta, Tea Factory, Botanical Garden and Rose Garden. Once you are done with the day you can return back to the hotel for a night stay.

Day 7: Kodaikanal: Arrival and sightseeing on the way

Tour in and around Coonoor

You can have your breakfast and then Coonoor. You can visit all the places of tourist attractions in Coonoor and then proceed to Kodaikanal. On your arrival at Kodaikanal, you will have a night stay.

Day 8: Kodaikanal – Sightseeing

Spend fun time at Kodai Lake

You can have your breakfast and then proceed to visit Cocker’s Walk, Green Valley view, Golf Course, Pine tree forest, Pillar Rock, Upper Lake View, Moire Point, Shanthi Valley View, Guna Cave, Pambar Falls, Bryant Park, and Kodai Lake Boating. Then you can go shopping in the evening and finally have an overnight stay in Kodaikanal

Day 9: Kodaikanal To Coimbatore

After the breakfast, you check out of the hotel and leave for Coimbatore. On arrival, check-in into the hotel. Then proceed to visit Aadiyogi Isha Foundation. Enjoy shopping in the local market in the evening and stay overnight at Coimbatore.

Day 10: Coimbatore Drop

After breakfast, you are driven to Coimbatore airport/station to carry on with your own plans.