Itinerary in Details:

 

Day 01: Bangalore / Hassan (180kms / 4 Hrs):

Morning board your vehicle and drive to Hassan, en-route visit Shravanabelagola – The
monolithic statue of Lord Gomateshwara, a jain saint and an object of worship for
centuries, standing atop one of the hills. On arrival check in to your hotel. After lunch
visit Belur & Halebeed Temple. Evening free. Overnight.

 

Day 02: Hassan I Badami (450kms / 8hrs):
Morning breakfast at 07.30hrs. Check out and drive to Badami, on arrival check in to your
hotel, evening visit Badami caves. Dinner and overnight.

 

Day 03: Badami / Hospet (125kms / 3hrs):

Morning breakfast, checkout and drive to Hospet, en-route visit Pattadakal – A World
Heritage Site it has 10 major temples representing early Chalukyan architecture. Visit
Virupaksha, Mallikarjuna and Papanatha Temples. Lunch and there on drive to Aihole – The
famous as cradle of Indian temple Architecture, it has over 125 temples all intricately
carved and rich in detail. Famous ones are Lad Khan temple, Durga temple, Ravalphadi
Cave temple, Konti temple complex, jain Meguti temple are a few not to be missed. On
arrival check in to a hotel and overnight.

 

Day 04: Hospet:

Morning breakfast, proceed for a full day sightseeing visit to King’s Palace – this is the
largest enclosure, including two major platform structures, an underground chamber
which must have served as a treasury or private audience hall, Mahanavami Dibba –
equally impressive is the massive Mahanavami Dibba, where the kings once sat on gem-
studded golden thrones and watched processions pass by. Queen’s Bath – This structure
has a very plain exterior but the interior is stunningly ornate, with graceful arched
corridors, projecting balconies and lotus-shaped fountains that used to spout perfumed
water for the ladies of the court. Return to hotel and overnight.

 

Day 05: Hospet – Hampi
Morning breakfast, day tour visit Hampi, Thungabadhra Dam, Banashankari Temple or go
for Slot bear watching.

 

Day 06: Hospet / Bangalore(350kms / 6 hrs):

Morning breakfast, at 08.00hrs, check out and drive to Bangalore. On arrival drop at Taj
West End hotel or airport. Tour ends.