Itinerary
The specially designed houseboats exquisitely echo Kerala culture. Having a trip on these floating paradises would surely impress you. It brings to you a great opportunity of enjoying the village life and scenic charm of authentic Kerala from a really closer view. As the houseboats move gently, the caressing of cold breeze engrosses you in a feel of exhilaration and contentment. The experience will surely linger with you forever.

 

We have four perfectly tailored packages as mentioned below. However, we also offer customized packages based on customer-specific demands.

 

Stay all night with us and enjoy the voyage to its fullest grace with overnight houseboat packages. Have a close look at the rustic village life, fishermen weaving their dreams with fishing nets, huge flocks of ducks invading the waters, gorgeous lotuses floating in shallow ponds and a lot more. Have short breaks in between and get on to the shores to know interesting things about Kerala village life.

 

For Over Night
Check in : 12:00 noon, Check out : 09:00 AM. One stay is for 21 hrs and not for 24 hrs.( we Are not Responsible for late check in.
Beverages we will not provide & any cook to order will be charged extra on actual.
Every facility like mike, projectors etc. are provided.
The boat will be anchored in the lake or canal during night hit & will not cruis GCE after 05:00 pm.hrs.
To maintain the privacy guidelines of the back water culture guest is Requested to retire for night by 10:00 pm.
Single / Double occupancy in each room.
Menu
Traditional Kerala style cooking.
Demand for additional food stuff on extra cost.
Every facility like mike, projectors etc. are provided.
The boat will be anchored in the lake or canal during night hit & will not cruis GCE after 05:00 pm.hrs.
To maintain the privacy guidelines of the back water culture guest is Requested to retire for night by 10:00 pm.
Single / Double occupancy in each room.
Payable in Boat
Accommodation for single CHILD below 5 year age in each room.
Extra food cost for children between 6 and 8, but without extra bed facility.
Guests must check all belongings before disembarkation. Further claims will not be entertained.
Extra Bed Means
Accommodation in same room with food, mattress, pillow and bed-sheet. Facility only for one extra bed in each room.
Kitchen will not be provided to guests for their self-cooking usage. Requirement to cook additional food other than our prescribed menu will invite extra cost as well as service charges which the guests has to settle directly with our boat crew before disembarkation.
Requirement For
Serving Soft drinks invite additional cost as per.
Extra Bed Means
Accommodation in same room with food, mattress, pillow and bed-sheet. Facility only for one extra bed in each room.
Kitchen will not be provided to guests for their self-cooking usage. Requirement to cook additional food other than our prescribed menu will invite extra cost as well as service charges which the guests has to settle directly with our boat crew before disembarkation.
Deluxe Houseboats
A/C Will Be Operated Between 09:00 pm To 07:00 am Incase Of A/C Failure Non A/C Deluxe Tariff Will Be Chargeable.
Meal Plan In Apai . Including Lunch, Dinner, Breakfast.
Premium Houseboats
A/C Operates Between Check In To Check Out On Demand in the Rooms.Welcome Drink Tender coconet.
Much More Spacious And Quality Boats With Qualified Staffs.All Other Points Are Same As Deluxe Houseboats.
Luxury Houseboats
Completely glass covered and A/C in the living rooms.
Special food menu
Any case Of A/C Failure Non A/C Deluxe Tariff Will Be Refund.
All Other Points Are Same As premium Houseboats.