DAY 01: ARRIVAL AT MADURAI AND TRANSFER TO HOTEL

 On the first day you will be met on arrival at Madurai airport by our representative and will get directly transferred to Madurai. Check into the hotel. Later in the evening, proceed to visit Madura Meenakshi Temple. Back to the hotel for overnight stay

DAY 02: MADURAI – RAMESWARAM

Post breakfast proceed to Rameswaram. Reach Rameswaram within 4 hrs. Later visit Dhunshkodi, Pamban Bridge, APJ Abdul Kalam Memorial, visit Ramanatha Swamy Temple. Overnight stay

DAY 03: RAMESWARAM – KODAI

Post breakfast, check out and proceed for Kodai. Reach Kodai by late afternoon (7 hrs). Check into the hotel and relax. Rest of the time to relax. Overnight stay

DAY 04: AT KODAI

Today is the day to explore more in Kodai. Visit, places such as:

Kodai Lake: The lake is star-shaped, centrally located in the town of Kodaikanal and is surrounded by lush green hills of the northwestern Palani Hills range

Coakers Walk: The lovely path of Coakers Walk that curves by the edge of the gorgeous mountain have been constructed mainly for morning and evening walks. One can also choose to ride a bicycle to explore the scenic location

Green Valley View: Located at a distance of 5.5 km from the Kodaikanal Lake, the Green Valley View not just offers a gorgeous view

Vaigai Dam: A dam built across the Vaigai River. It provides water for irrigation to the Madurai district and Dingigul district.

DAY 05: KODAI – OOTY

This day morning after having breakfast at the hotel, you will be travelling from Kodai to Ooty. Reach ooty with in 6 hrs. Check into the hotel and relax. Overnight stay

DAY 06: IN OOTY; Full day sightseeing

 The next day morning after having breakfast at the hotel, this day also we will use for entire local Ooty sightseeing. Ooty (short for Udhagamandalam) is a resort town in the Western Ghats mountains, in southern India’s Tamil Nadu state. Founded as a British Raj summer resort, it retains a working steam railway line. Sightseeing in Ooty includes,

Ooty Lake: Ooty Lake lies at a distance of approximately 2 km from Ooty city in the district Nilgiris. The beautiful lake is spread over an area of 65 acres, and its foundation was laid down by John Sullivan who was the collector of Coimbatore in 1824. The Lake is surrounded by Eucalyptus trees and greenery all around. One can also spot numerous streams coming out through the hills. This is a perfect place to capture for people who are genuinely interested in photography.

Ooty Botanical Gardens: The Ooty Botanical Garden was laid down in the year 1848 and was designed so as to have a terraced terrain. The Botanical garden in Ooty is home to many rare species of trees, chief among them being the cork tree, the only one of its kind in India. The paperbark tree, the monkey puzzle tree and an old fossilized tree estimated to be 20 million years old round out the other rare species.

 Ooty Rose Gardens: Rose Garden lies in the heart and soul of Ooty. The construction stays to be magnificent and there are small tunnels made wherein the roses are planted. This botanical garden conducts the best flower show of the century and it has the highest amount of rose production in the country. Different kinds of roses are cultivated here, incorporating different hybrid quality like tea and miniature roses which are gathering great footing in the market place these days.

Thread Garden: The Thread Garden at Ooty is a popular tourist spot that exhibits some of the most magnificent and exquisite collection of artificial flowers and plants, all made by the expert hands of the skillful artists by using just thread.

After that return back to the hotel and overnight stay at the hotel

DAY 07: DEPARTURE TRANSFER

 The next day morning after having breakfast at the hotel, you will be travelling from Ooty to Coimbatore airport for your departure transfer.