Itinerary
Tour Itinerary

DAY 01 | Arrive Bangkok – Onto Pattaya

Welcome to your “Fascinating Far East” tour. Our representative greets you at the designated meeting point and transfers to Pattaya (Approx 2 1/2 Hrs). Check in after 1400 hrs.
Visit Art In Paradise, 3D interactive Museum, where you interact with scenes and click photos, like “ride a flying carpet”.
In the evening be dazzled at the Colosseum Show. Enjoy vividly colorful, kaleidoscopic extravanganza of traditional and contemporary performances, glittering costumes and vibrant music. Later, proceed to have dinner and then return to your hotel.

Overnight in Pattaya.

Dinner at an Indian restaurant.

 

DAY 02 | In Pattaya

Skip along the aqua blue ocean to the Coral Island or Koh Larn in a speedboat. View the beautiful marine life and colorful coral formations. Indulge in any exciting adventure sport (at an additional cost) like water skiing, parasailing, snorkeling.
Later, visit beautiful Nong Nooch Village, renowned for its intricately sculpted knot tropical gardens, watch Thai cultural show and popular Elephant show. Next, proceed to Tuxedo Illusion Hall. The team of professional illusionists is trained by Mr. Tuxedo. Here at the Tuxedo Magic Show, tricks performed by the world renowned magician and his group will leave you spellbound! Later, proceed for dinner. Return to your hotel.

Overnight in Pattaya.

Breakfast at the hotel restaurant, Lunch and Dinner at an Indian restaurant.

 

DAY 03 | Pattaya – Onto Bangkok

Proceed to Bangkok. Enroute visit Gems Gallery. Proceed on a guided city and temples tour. Visit the Golden Buddha Temple and Marble BuddhaTemple. Visit Erawan Shrine, dedicated to four – faced Lord Brahma, where legends say your wishes come true. Visit a shopping mall. Later, check into the hotel (check in after 1400 hrs).
The rest of the evening is at leisure.

Overnight in Bangkok.

Breakfast at the hotel restaurant, Lunch and Dinner at an Indian restaurant.

 

DAY 04 | In Bangkok

Today morning visit Safari World and Marine Park for an ultimate Safari experience.
Watch Orang Utan Boxing show, Sea Lion show, Spy War Action Stunt Show, Feeding Show, take a jungle walk or watch rare animals from comforts of a coach. After dinner, return to your hotel.

Overnight in Bangkok.

Breakfast at the hotel restaurant, Lunch at Safari world and Dinner at an Indian restaurant.

 

DAY 05 | Bangkok – Onto Kuala Lumpur

Transfer to airport for your flight to Kuala Lumpur. Our local representative will meet you outside the customs area.
On arrival, proceed for panoramic city tour of Putrajaya, the federal administrative capital of Malaysia. View Putra Lake, Putra Bridge, Putra Mosque, Seri Perdana Complex (PM’s residence).
Later proceed for a panoramic city tour of Kuala Lumpur. See the King’s Palace, National Monument, National Mosque, Jamed Mosque, Merdeka Square, National Museum, Petronas Twin Towers and enjoy a photo stop. Later, transfer to the hotel (Check in after 1400 Hrs).
You have an option to visit KL tower.

Overnight in Kuala Lumpur.

Breakfast at the hotel restaurant and Dinner at an Indian restaurant.

 

DAY 06 | Kuala Lumpur – Genting Highlands – Kuala Lumpur

Proceed to Genting Highlands with cable car ride. Enroute visit Batu Caves, old Hindu shrine in Malaysia.
Later, proceed to Berjaya Hills Colmar Tropicale, a French themed resort. It is modelled after 16th Century Colmar town, Alsace, France. Set amidst 80 acres of lush greenery of Malaysian rainforest in the hills, enjoy the cool refreshing highland climate and spectacular scenery, as the medieval French village takes you back in an era steeped in culture. European dancers, clowns, fire-eater street performances enthrall you. Located 3500 feet above sea level, the Japanese village is the first of its kind outside Japan. At Japanese Tea House, you can witness Tea ceremony (cost extra). At Botanical Garden, view wide variety of flora and fauna and rare plants like Tiger Orchid and the ever popular Tongkat Ali are all there.
Return to Kuala Lumpur. After dinner, transfer to your hotel.

Overnight in Kuala Lumpur.

Breakfast at the hotel restaurant, Lunch at Genting Highland and Dinner at an Indian restaurant.

 

DAY 07 | Kuala Lumpur -Malacca

In morning, proceed to Malacca (3.30 hrs). Arrive and explore the Malacca city, (or Melaka), a UNESCO World Heritage site, with both European and Asian cultures influences. In Chinatown area, visit Cheng Hoon Teng Temple, oldest Chinese temple of worship in Malaysia. Built in 1646, it is also known as “Merciful Cloud Temple”. Dedicated to Kuan Yin, Goddess of Mercy, admire the temple’s beautiful laquer and wood craftsmanship, built by artisans of China. Visit Dutch Square, around the old
Portugese Christ Church and Stadhyus, the centuries old Dutch colonial building.
Then visit ruins of Parto De Santiago (A’Famosa) & St Paul Hill. Built in 1511, A’Famosa is one of the oldest surviving European architectural remains in Asia. See Maritime Museum, a replica of the “Flora De La Mar’, a Portugese ship that sank off the coast of Melaka, on its way to Portugal (outside view). Board a River cruise on Melaka River (with audio commentary) and view the beautiful landmarks like churches, mosques, bridges etc. Melaka River, once called ‘Venice Of The East” is the point where the history of Melaka began centuries ago, and Malacca flourished in its heyday of bustling traders. The 1998 movie Entrapment was partially filmed here. Visit F.O.S. Factory Outlet Store at Dataran Pahlawan Melaka Megamall, where you can pick up branded clothing like Tommy Hilfiger, Ralph Lauren, etc at discounted prices. Check-in at the hotel (Check in after 1400 Hrs).

Overnight in Malacca.

Breakfast at the hotel restaurant, Lunch and Dinner at an Indian restaurant.

 

DAY 08 | Malacca -Singapore

Drive to Singapore. Arrive and check in to the hotel (Check in after 1400 Hrs).

Visit Alive Museum. It is Singapore’s brand new fun and entertainment destination. Sprawling over 10000 square feet, more than 80 artwork exhibits, including 9 locally themed paintings are brought alive with 3D painting that create visual illusions. Being interactive, hop into the frame and take memorable photos. Visit Gardens By The Bay with Cloud Forest. Visit one of the Top 10 Award winning Gardens of the world – Gardens by the Bay! Explore diverse plant life from around the world displayed in it’s spectacular Cooled Conservatories. Explore the diverse plant life. Step into the world of the Cloud Forest and explore the highlands amidst orchids, pitcher plants and ferns from the cool-moist Tropical Montane region, complete with the tallest Indoor Waterfall in the World at 35-metre.

Overnight in Singapore.

Breakfast at the hotel restaurant, Lunch and Dinner at an Indian restaurant

 

DAY 09 | In Singapore

Proceed on a guided panoramic city tour driving past the City Hall, Parliament House, the Tower-like Westin Stamford Hotel, Orchard Road, China Town area and Swissotel Hotel. Take a photo stop at Singapore’s famous symbol – the Merlion and the Esplanade.
After lunch, proceed to Sentosa Island. At Sentosa- “Fun happens all the time.” Visit the Underwater World, Asia’s most popular oceanarium. Delight yourself at the Dolphin Lagoon and get close views of pink dolphins and fur seals. Watch the Dolphins and Fur-Seals Live performance with tea/coffee at an exclusive lounge (first-come-first-served basis).
We wrap up the evening with the mesmerizing night show by the sea – ‘Wings of Time“. Discover an awe-inspiring display of water, colorful laser lights, music and fire effects, with a tale of friendship.
You can choose options of Skyline Luge Sentosa (one ride), and return by Skyride Chairlift, or opt for 4D Adventureland, either Extreme Log Ride or4D Movie Journey2: The Mysterious Island. You can also opt for Madame Tussauds Wax Museum, including a Boat Ride, and take memorable photos with favourite celebrities, or opt for Butterfly Park and Insect Kingdom.

Overnight in Singapore.

Breakfast at the hotel restaurant, Lunch and Dinner in an Indian restaurant.

 

DAY 10 | In Singapore

The day is at leisure to explore this wonderful city or take optional tour of Jurong Bird Park, where you find birdlife from around the world or opt for Singapore Flyer, for bird’s eye view of Singapore. You can also opt for Night Safari, the wildlife night park with an exciting tram ride, spectacular shows and up close animal encounters or you can opt to visit Universal Studios Singapore, where you can experience cutting-edge rides, shows and attractions based on your favourite blockbuster films and television series.
After an exciting day, transfer back to your hotel.

Overnight in Singapore.

Breakfast at the hotel restaurant and Dinner at an Indian restaurant.

 

DAY 11 | Homeward Bound.

Good times need never end!! As you get ready for the airport and your flight back home, relive the high points of your ‘HolidayMonk Fascinating Far East’ tour. We are confident you will join us again sometime soon.

Breakfast either at the hotel or onboard your return flight.

Photos