DAY 01: SIEM REAP ARRIVAL- VISIT SIEM REAP 

On arrival at airport you will be met and transferred to the hotel by our local representative.

Then visit West Baray Big Pond, a “baray” is a water reservoir built by the ancient Khmer people. Then turn to Wat Thmei (Killing Field) contains a unique glass-walled stupa containing the bones of victims of the Khmer Rouge. Some of the bones were recovered from a nearby well while others are the remains of soldiers who died on a nearby battlefield. Come back to visit the “Les Artisans d’Angkor – Chantiers Ecole” the Finest Authentic Khmer Arts and Crafts. Welcome buffet dinner with Apsara Dance Show (at your own account) Overnight at the hotel in Siem Reap.

DAY 02: FULLDAY ANGKOR TOUR (B) 

Today you will explore South Gate of Angkor Thom known as Big Angkor, 3km2 walled and moated royal city and was the last capital of the Angkorian Empire, the famous Bayon Temple was an architectural muddle, in part because it was constructed in a somewhat piecemeal fashion for over a century. Terrace of the Elephants is an impressive, two and a half meter tall, 300-meter-long terrace wall adorned with carved elephants and gradual that spans the heart of Angkor Thom in front of Baphuon – huge temple mountain in the heart of Angkor Thom, Royal Palace Area and Phimeanakas – impressive rite and sandstone pyramid. Terrace of the Leper King is at the north end of the Terrace of the Elephants, a double terrace wall with deeply carved nag as, demons and other mythological beings. Last you will visit Ta Prohm temple which is a wonderful combination of human genius and natural beauty. Giant trees have grown here for centuries.

Afternoon visit Angkor Wat temple, the founder of the temple was Suryavarman II who reined Cambodia from 1113 to 1152 and built the five towers in the 12th century to dedicate to the Hindu God Vishnu. The plan of the pyramidal conception of the temple combined with spaces, alleys, ditches is an ancient masterpiece of architectural design and construction .Free time to have funny time at bars and pubs at Angkor night market. Overnight at the hotel in Siem Reap.

DAY 03: SIEM REAP VISIT – EXPRESS BUS TP PHNOM PENH (B) 

This morning visit Floating Villages, located 10 kilometers south of Siem Reap. Take a ride in a traditional wooden boat on the Tonle Sap, the “Great Lake” of Cambodia and the largest in Asia. Here you’ll see plenty of examples of the Khmer way of life on the Tonle Sap. Then visit Wat Bo founded in the 18th century, a highly respected pagoda contains very unique wall paintings of the Reamker (Ramayana) that are said to be late 19th century and Local Market. Lunch at local restaurant (at your own account) before heading to BUS STATION for shuttle bus departure to Phnom Penh (If you prefer taking the flight for route Siem Reap –Phnom Penh, please see below for our surcharge)

Welcome to Phnom Penh – the city retains its traditional Khmer and colonial styles with French villas and large tree-line sidewalk. . Overnight at the hotel in Phnom Penh.

DAY 04: FULL DAY PHNOM PENH TOUR (B) 

This morning you will visit the impressive colourful Khmer-style royal palace complex build in 1866 by the Predecessors of King Norodom. Nearby is Silver pagoda (the emerald Buddha temple), where contain plenty of Buddha Statues decorated and made by gold, diamond, gemstone and silver. We will stop at Independence monument and explore the National museum; a beautiful Khmer architecture building contains more than 5000 art antiques made by bronze, wood, gold, silver, copper, sandstone and others. We pass through the river-front park where 4 rivers met at a junction include mystical Mekong. Walk up to sacred hill Phnom Daun Penh – also the name of a pagoda and name of the capital nowadays.

Afternoon we continue to Tuol Sleng prison now is Genocide Museum, the most secret part of the Khmer Rouge regime. It’s also called S-21 (abbreviated for Security Office 21), a Khmer Rouge’s premier security camp, specifically designed for the interrogation and extermination of anti-Angkor elements. Leave the relics of the bad history of Cambodia we will have lunch (at your own cost) before going shopping around Russian market, enjoy the bustling daily activities of the locals. Oovernight at the hotel in Phnom Penh.

DAY 05: PHNOM PENH DEPARTURE (B)

This morning you will be transfer to airport for your flight back home or your next destination.

Happy Ending.

 