Overview Hong Kong and Macau:
Hong Kong creates magical moments for all. A perfect destination for family holiday, it is an exciting honeymoon destination too. Visit the famous Repulse Bay, Victoria Peak, Madame Tussauds and view the stunning city skyline. Spend a thrill filled day at Hong Kong Disneyland with family, friends, kids and cartoons! Add a sparkling touch to your vacation with Macau. Rejoice in its sassy nightlife and create lifetime memories on this exciting trip.

 

Hong Kong and Macau Itinerary
 

Day 1: Arrive Hong Kong + City tour

Welcome to the ever enthusiastic Hong Kong. On your arrival at Hong Kong Airport, meet our local tour representative at the specified area who will assist you for your transfer to the hotel. Check in at your hotel and relax.

Later get ready for Hong Kong City tour which includes visit to Famous city attractions like- Victoria Peak (Top-Level) & Harbour Front Promenade. There after head to the age old Jewellery factory, a souvenir shop. Further visit Aberdeen Village Aberdeen Fishing Village, the exclusive home town of fishermen where you can enjoy charming views of fishing boats, yachts and boat houses (Sampan Ride Is Optional- to be Paid Extra, directly by the Guest). After City tour, our tour representative will drop you at Tsim Sha Tsui shopping area to explore the local market and to buy gifts as a souvenir for your loved ones. Return back to hotel by own.

Stay overnight at hotel in Hong Kong.

 

Day 2: Hong Kong- Day Free at Leisure

Enjoy a relaxed morning followed by an extensive morning breakfast at hotel. The day is at your leisure. Today you can spend the day on your own pace exploring the city on your own or you can opt for a trip to Hong Kong Disneyland (at an additional cost) to explore the magical adventures of this exciting world famous theme park. Click pictures with your favourite Disney Characters, take fun-filled rides and relish delicious food. Hang out here for the whole day for unlimited fun and entertainment and have a truly thrill filled day. Later return to the hotel and sleep relaxed.

Stay overnight at hotel in Hong Kong. (B)

 

Day 3: Hong Kong- Day Free at Leisure

Charge with an extensive morning breakfast at the Hotel. Remaining day is Free for leisure or you may spend the remaining day to enjoy a tour to Ocean Park (at an additional cost). Ocean Park is South East Asia’s largest Water & Adventure Park that features various marine and mammal exhibits, thrill rides and exciting shows. It is the first Asian winner of Applause award, the most prestigious award in Amusement & Theme park industry. Ocean Park tour will fill your day with wonder, pleasure and excitement & reward you with satisfying memories. Various Food joints are available in Ocean Park like- The Bakery, Panda Café, Bayview Restaurant, Terrace Café and Café Ocean to sit back and enjoy your meal. After spending a memorable day, return back to hotel and sleep relaxed.

Stay overnight at hotel in Hong Kong. (B)

 

Day 4: Hong Kong- Transfer to Macau

Today morning after breakfast, check out from the hotel and get transferred to Ferry Pier for your Ferry transfer to Macau, the mystic city. On reaching Macau, get transferred to your hotel and check in (Standard Check-in time is 1500 hrs). Relax and refresh, then step out to explore the city on your own. Enjoy the city come live in glistening night lights and savour the famous local delicacies (on your own).

Stay overnight at hotel in Macau. (B)

 

Day 5: Macau- Day Free to Explore

Take a fill at morning breakfast and set out for self exploration of the city. The day is free on your own and you may decide to spend it in your preferred way. There are various historical attractions like Ruins of St. Paul’s Church, 17th century Portuguese Cathedral, etc. You can spend some time at the Fisherman’s Wharf if you wish. In the evening, you can make a visit to Macau Tower followed by trying out some local delicacies. Try out some gambling at the famous resort this night. Later retire to slumber.

Stay overnight at hotel in Macau. (B)

 

Day 6: Macau- Hong Kong- Delhi

Today your vacation comes to an end. Make the most of this morning. Check out from the hotel after having an extensive breakfast at hotel. Catch your shuttle from the hotel for your transfer to the Ferry where you’ll take direct Ferry to the Hong Kong Airport. We hope that your vacation was truly memorable and would be glad to receive your feedback on your return.

Return Home with Wonderful Memories. (B)

 

Tentative Itinerary

Note: Above Itinerary is just indicative. Do not consider it as a Final Schedule. Date & Time of Tours can be changed by Local Agent / Tour Operator.