major highlights of Myanmar. This Itinerary starts off in Mandalay and ends in Yangon that designed for the travelers from Mandalay Arrival. You’ll explore historic kingdom of Mandalay, the ancient temples of Bagan, picturesque Inle Lake and the iconic Shwedagon Pagoda in Yangon on this fascinating tour.

 

Tour Highlight

Day (1) Arrival Mandalay

Day (2) Mandalay & Mingun

Day (3) Mandalay ✈ Bagan

Day (4) Bagan ✈ Inle Lake

Day (5) Inle ✈ Yangon

Day (6) Departure

 

Special Services for Indian Travelers

 

Hindi (or) Tamil Language Speaking guide (available on request)
All meals served on our tour, we always try our best to meet your religious / medical / dietary requirements. If you have any special needs in regards to the below, please make your request.
Hindu Meal – Non-vegetarian, Indian-style meal prepared according to Hindu customs that contains no beef, veal or pork, but with other meats, and fish and milk products.
Vegetarian Hindu / Indian Vegetarian Meal
Vegetarian Jain Meal / Strict Indian Vegetarian
 

Trip Itinerary
 

DAY (1)                       Arrival Mandalay

“Mingalarbar“, you will be welcomed by our guide at at Airport of Mandalay, the last royal city of Myanmar Kingdom.

Upon arrival, we will start the sightseeing to the U Bein, the longest teakwood Bridge in the world. Drive to Mandalay and visit Mahamuni Pagoda, one of the most important Buddhist pilgrimage sites in Myanmar.

Overnight stay in Mandalay.

Included Activities : Arrival; Amarapura Sightseeing
Meals : Dinner
 

DAY (2)                       Mandalay & Mingun

This morning we will head to the jetty for a pleasant boat ride upriver to Mingun. Upon arrival, explore the ruins of the vast Mingun Pagoda. Continue to the beautiful Hsinbyume Paya and the Mingun Bell, weighting 87 tons and being the world’s largest intact bronze bell. Sail back to Mandalay. In the afternoon, we will visit Mandalay Palace, Shwenandaw Monastery – noted for its exquisite woodcarvings, gold leaf beating workshop and Kuthodaw Pagoda – known for containing the world’s largest book and conclude the tour by visiting Mandalay Hill to watch the sunset and the panoramic view of the city.

Overnight stay in Mandalay.

Included Activities : Boat trip to Mingun; Sunset at Mandalay Hill
Journey time :  Mandaly to Mingun ~ 1hr (Boat)
Meals :  Breakfast, Lunch
                                                                           

DAY (3)                       Full Day Sightseeing in Bagan

After breakfast we fly to Bagan for a comprehensive tour of this beautiful city, one of Myanmar’s premier historical and cultural centres, home to more than 2,000 temples and pagodas! Our tour includes shrines such as Ananda, Htilominlo, Thatbyinnyu, Dhammayangyi, Sulamani, and Shwezigon Pagoda, plus secular sights such as Nyaung U market and traditional workshops.

Stay overnight at Bagan.

Included Activities : Bagan temples tour
Journey time : Mandaly to Bagan ~ 1hr (Flight)
Optional Activities : Temple bike tour
Meals : Breakfast, Lunch
 

DAY (4)                       Bagan-Heho/Inle Lake Sightseeing

Today leave Bagan for the flight to Heho. Upon arrival, drive to Inle Lake.

Full-day tour of beautiful Inle Lake, the “Asian Venice,” featuring stilt houses and villages, island-bound Buddhist temples, floating gardens, fishermen using ancient techniques such as leg-rowing, and, on the shores, workshops of traditional artisans, e.g. weavers and cigar-makers. Also included are visits to sanctuaries such as Phaung Daw Oo Pagoda and Nga Phe Chaung Monastery.

Stay overnight on Inle Lake.

Included Activities : Boat trip on the Inle Lake, explore Indein Ruins
Journey time : Mandaly to heho ~ 1hr (Flight),  Excursion on Inle Lake ~ 7 hr (Boat)
Meals : Breakfast, Lunch
 

DAY (5)                       Inle – Yangon

After early breakfast, explore the morning market around Inle Lake offers a good opportunity to meet many different local tribes. (Note: market is daily except on dark moon day and full moon day). Then transfer by road to Heho for your onward flight to Yangon. Arrival Yangon and check in hotel.

In the afternoon we will visit to the massive reclining Buddha at Kyaukhtatgyi Pagoda. Then proceed to the World famous golden stupa, Shwedagon Pagoda – the golden dome rises 98 meters above its base and is cover with 60 tons of pure gold. At the pagoda, you can observe local pilgrims offering their devotions.  Enjoy the amazing sunset view from the vantage point of Pagoda).

Stay overnight in Yangon.

Included Activities : Fly to Yangon; Sunset at Shwedagon Pagoda
Journey time : Heho to Yangon ~ 1 hr (Flight)
Meal :   Breakfast, Lunch
DAY (6)                       Yangon City Tour & Departure

After breakfast we will start the excursion Yangon City Tour with the visit to the Sule Pagoda and the Colonial-structured Buildings. Last minute shopping at the historic Bogyoke (Scott) Market (Closed on Monday& Public Holidays) to discover the thriving art scene or purchasing souvenirs for friends and family. Check out hotel and lunch at local restaurant.

In the afternoon transfer to Yangon Airport for your onward flight. Goodbye Myanmar and we hope to serve you next time.

Included Activities : Yangon City Tour & Departure
Meal : Breakfast, Lunch