A 4 day Phu Quoc honeymoon package includes accommodation, private transfers, and a mix of romantic activities like beach relaxation and island hopping, along with popular attractions like VinWonders.
DETAILED ITINERARY
DAY 1: PHU QUOC ARRIVAL – STARFISH BEACH (PRIVATE TRANSFER, NO GUIDE)                                                                                                                        

Welcome to Phu Quoc – Vietnam!

Upon arrival, greeted by the local driver and transferred to downtown. Check in your hotel as per standard check in time.

Afternoon, transfer to Starfish Beach by private car (no guide), The beach known as one of the most beautiful beaches in Phu Quoc, with its creamy white sand and gentle, calm waves. Relax on the beach (personal expenses such as beach towels, chairs, drinks, and showers are not included).

Overnight in Phu Quoc.

DAY 2: PHU QUOC – 4 ISLAND CARBLE CAR (PRIVATE TOUR) (B/L)               

Morning, start your adventure with a private hotel pickup and transfer to the harbor, where you’ll board a speed boat for an unforgettable island-hopping experience in southern Phu Quoc.

Explore May Rut Trong Island for stunning photos and beach swimming, then continue to Mong Tay Island or May Rut Ngoai Island for more scenic moments and relaxation. Discover the underwater beauty at Gham Ghi Island or Kim Quy Island with a snorkeling session, admiring vibrant coral reefs and colorful marine life. For an optional experience, visit Coral Park (sea-walking experience and other sea activities – at your own expense) to explore Asia’s largest coral conservation area. The journey continues to Thom Island, where you’ll enjoy a delicious buffet lunch with over 100 Asian and European dishes at Mango Restaurant. After lunch, experience thrilling rides at Aquatopia Water Park and take in breathtaking aerial views on the three-wire sea-crossing cable car. Before returning, visit Sunset Town, a charming European-style area perfect for capturing memorable photos, before concluding the tour with a comfortable transfer back to your hotel.

Tour Duration: 7.5 – 8 hours.

Optional cost: Enjoy Kiss of the sea show: Surcharge $26/per pax

 

DAY 3: PHU QUOC – VIN WONDERS – GRAND WORLD (PRIVATE TRANSFER, NO GUIDE) (B)                                                                                                                                 

Breakfast at hotel and check out. Transfer to visit VinWonders Phu Quoc.

This is the largest theme park in Vietnam, offering a great deal of interesting entertainment options, including exhilarating rides, waterpark slides, indoor games, street performances, musical fountains, 5D cinema and so many more to discover.

This afternoon, we visit Grand World Phu Quoc. With a scale of 85 hectares, the area owns splendid and magnificent architecture which is inspired by the European cities. Venice River, or Lake of Love, is considered one of the best imitations of the original river in Venice City, Italy. Here, you can choose to sit on the gondolas (at your own cost) along the river to watch the romantic scenery created by a lot of sophisticated buildings. Families with children can also visit Teddy Bear Museum – inspired by The Indiana Jones movie, with more than 20 zones to observe giant or cute bears from all continents since ancient times (entrance ticket at your own cost). Remaining time is to visit other attractions in Grand World such as Bamboo House, Urban Park, or Beach Square, all are ticket-free. Overnight in Phu Quoc.

Optional cost:

Enjoy Quintense of the Sea show: $17/per person
Teddy Bear Museum entrance fee: $13/per person
Gondola Boat ride: $13/per person
 DAY 4: PHU QUOC – DEPARTURE (B)                         

Breakfast at hotel and check out

Free at leisure until transfer with driver (no guide) to the airport for the departure flight.