Trip Summary

Day	Trip summary
1	PHU QUOC ARRIVAL –
2	PHU QUOC – 4 ISLANDS TOUR BY CABLE CAR AND SPEEDBOAT (L) – GROUP TOUR
3	PHU QUOC – VIN WONDER –
4	PHU QUOC – VIN SAFARI PARK – GRAND WORLD  –
5	PHU QUOC – KISS BRIDGE – KISS OF THE SEA SHOW -;
6	PHU QUOC – DEPARTURE –
 

Trip Details

 

Day 1: PHU QUOC ARRIVAL –

Welcome to Phu Quoc Island!

Upon arrival, our driver (no guide) will pick you up from the airport and transfer you to the hotel. The official check-in time is 14:00.

Freely relax and discover the city.

Overnight in Phu Quoc.

Inclusions: Private transfer (no guide)
Meals: None
 

Day 2: PHU QUOC – 4 ISLANDS TOUR BY CABLE CAR AND SPEEDBOAT (L) – GROUP TOUR

Enjoy breakfast at the hotel.

8:00 Pick up from your hotel, then transfer to the harbor, and board a speedboat.

Visit 4 islands in the south:

Gam Ghi Island: Snorkeling at the coral reef – Enjoy the beach

Buom Island (or Mong Tay Island): Snorkeling at the coral reef

May Rut Island: white sand lagoon – unique chillout

Having Lunch on the Island

Sea walker (pay by yourself): a new type of service, walk under the ocean, fish flocks are swimming & colorful coral reefs of Phu Quoc.

Speed boat arrives at Thom Island: Enjoy the water park – more than 20 modern games from the world’s leading manufacturers.

Back on the cable car (around 25 mins): Enjoy the sunset & rides with a panoramic overall view of the islands

17:00 Return to your hotel.

Overnight in Phu Quoc.

Suggestion: On the way back to your hotel, if you wish to visit Sunset Sanato – Oc Sen Beach Bar, Sunset Beach Bar, Night Market, or Sao Beach, we will drop you there, but you will have to pay for the ticket and come back to the hotel by yourself.

Notes:

In case of unfavorable weather conditions, some islands may be replaced with alternative destinations, or the cable car ride may take place before visiting the islands.

The cable car experience schedule will be arranged by the tour guide.

In case the water park is under maintenance, guests can still enjoy the cable car ride and continue the tour as planned. The tour price remains unchanged.

Inclusions: Shuttle bus, Local guide, Cable car ticket, Speed Boat, Snorkeling, Equipment: mask, snorkel & Fins (Fins not available in child sizes), Life Jackets
Meals: Local Lunch
 

Day 3: PHU QUOC – VIN WONDER (B) –

Enjoy breakfast at your hotel.

10:00 AM – Meet your driver in the hotel lobby and transfer to VinWonders Phu Quoc, the island’s premier entertainment complex. Dive into a world of excitement with record-breaking games, thrilling water park attractions, and captivating art performances. Don’t miss the chance to explore one of the five largest aquariums in the world, home to a stunning variety of marine species.

Lunch is on your own – there are plenty of dining options inside the park for you to choose from.

17:00 – Return to your hotel and unwind after a fun-filled day.

Overnight in Phu Quoc.

Inclusions: Private transfer (no guide), Vin Wonder entrance fee
Meals: None
 

Day 4: PHU QUOC – VIN SAFARI PARK – GRAND WORLD  –

Enjoy breakfast at your hotel.

09:00 AM – Meet your driver (no guide) in the hotel lobby and depart for Vinpearl Safari Park, Vietnam’s largest wildlife conservation park. The sanctuary preserves a rich diversity of over 400 plant species and 4,000 wild animals representing 200 species, including many rare and endangered. Explore the natural habitat and get up close to some of the world’s most fascinating creatures.

Lunch on your own at the Safari Park or nearby.

Afternoon – Continue your journey to Grand World Phu Quoc, famously known as “The City That Never Sleeps.” Launched in early 2021, this vibrant destination has quickly become a social media sensation. Explore an exciting mix of attractions, including:

The Essence of Vietnam Show (ticket on your own) – A mesmerizing performance that blends modern technology with traditional culture, recreating scenes from a thousand-year-old imperial capital.

Legend of Bamboo, Contemporary Art Park, Lake of Love, Tropical Dance Square, and the Grand World Food Court, offering diverse experiences from art to cuisine.

17:00 – Return to your hotel.

Overnight in Phu Quoc.

Inclusions: Private transfer (without guide), Vin Wonder entrance fees, 1 day use
Meals: None
 

Day 5: PHU QUOC – KISS BRIDGE – KISS OF THE SEA SHOW (B) -;

Breakfast in the hotel, then a free day on your own.

17.00. Pick up at the Hotel Lobby or Meeting Points. Coming to the An Thoi area, check in at Sunset Town for the Kiss Bridge and the Kiss of the Sea show

21:00 Transfer back to your hotel.

Overnight in Phu Quoc.

Inclusions: Private transfer, Entrance fee for Kiss of the sea
Meals: None
 

Day 6: PHU QUOC – DEPARTURE –

Have breakfast at the hotel. Free on your own and check out the hotel before check-out time.

3.5 hours before the departure international flight, our driver will pick you up at the hotel and transfer you to the airport for the flight back home.

Hope you enjoyed the trip to Vietnam with sweet memories!

Inclusions: Private transfer
Meals: None