Vietnam Escape – Da Nang and Hanoi Package Tour, you will explore the highlighted destinations of Vietnam Danang and Hanoi. Vietnam Family Tours are special tours designed by experts for the group when you travel with family members.

Vietnam Escape – Da Nang and Hanoi Package Tour:

Day 1: Arrival  Da Nang ( Via – Hanoi/Ho Chi Minh ), Vietnam – Bana Hill tour  with Guide

Today you’ll land in Da Nang Airport. Driver at airport then transfer to hotel for check in. Check in time is 14.00–early check in not included. our tour guide will pick you up and start with you on your journey to Bana Hills. Arrival at  cable car station and stand in que for 30 min cable car ride to reach at Bana Hills.

Cable car 2 ways

Golden Bridge

Fantasy park

French village

Not included entrance fee for Wax Museum..evening come back to hotel, Overnight stay in Danang.

 

Day 2: Coconut forest – Hoian village Tour (B)

After breakfast, you’ll have free time until our driver arrives to pick you up and transfer you to Tan Son Nhat airport   for the flight to Danang.Check in hotel. 3 PM – Coconut forest – Hoian village Tour 6 Hours( Basket boat ticket in coconut forest by own ) Overnight stay in Danang.

 

Day 3: DaNang – To Hanoi flight. (B)

After breakfast, you’ll have free time until our driver arrives to pick you up and transfer you to DaNang airport  for the flight to Hanoi. Arrival Pickup to Hanoi City Tour –

Visit The Temple of Literature, Vietnam’s first university ,Hoan Kiem Lake & Ly Thai   Statue.

HCM Complex : Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum, One pillar Pagoda, Ba Dinh Square.

3 Hour tour then Check in Hotel. Overnight stay in Hanoi.

 

Day 4: Full day – Ninh  Binh tour with Guide (B)

After breakfast, at 08:30 in the morning, our tour guide will pick you up and start with you on your journey to Ninh Binh 2-2,5 hours driving per way for transfer. Visit

Hoa Lu Ancient Capital, 2 hour-boat trip to visit Tam Coc. Evening 6 pm come back to hotel, Overnight Stay in Hanoi.

 

Day 5: Hanoi. Departure (B)

After Breakfast, after check out our car you to Hanoi – Noi Bai airport for departure flight.

 