Destination   :-         Darjeeling & Gangtok 
No. of Nights  :-           3 N / 4 D
No Of Pax       :-              51 Adults – 2 FOC
Room              :-             26  DBL  Room  + 1 Extra bed / Mattress
Meal Plan       :-             APAI 
Travel Date     :-             2nd or 3rd Week of MAY   -  2026 
Vehicle            :-             10 x  Non-AC  Innova  (  Ac will not work on hill area ) 


Hotel To Be Used :-  3 Star   Deluxe        
2 N :- Gangtok      :-    Gangtok Drift  / Similar
1 N :- Darjeeling    :-   Golden Dolma     / Similar

Net Package Cost Rs.16900  /-  Per pax x  51   

Extra GST 5 %   


Please note :- 
* Nathula Pass Rs,6500 /- Per Vehicle Extra To Package Cost. ( All depend upon the permit ) ( Monday & Tuesday Closed   ) .
Note :-  Due to government regulations, no luggage carriers are allowed on vehicle roofs. From Jan 1st, the last row of all vehicles will be used for luggage storage. Please plan accordingly. Note that rates may be slightly higher due to reduced seating capacity. Thanks for your understanding .


  
ITINERARY :-

Day 01 :-  IXB Airport – Gangtok (120 kms / 5 hrs)
Meet & Greet on arrival at  IXB Airport & transfer to Gangtok (5,500 ft.). On arrival Check-in to hotel & rest of the day at leisure. Overnight stay at Gangtok.
Day 02 :-  Excursion to Tsomgo Lake & Baba Mandir
After breakfast, start for an excursion to Tsomgo Lake (12,400 ft.) & Baba Mandir (13,200 ft.) which is 55 kms one way from Gangtok city. Overnight stay atGangtok.
(In case of a landslide or any other reason Tsomgo Lake is closed, we will provide alternate sightseeing.)
Day 03 :- Gangtok Local Sightseeing – Darjeeling (100 kms / 4 hrs)
This morning starts for a half day trip of Gangtok city covering the Flower show, Cottage Industry and Handicraft Centre, Institute of Tibetology, Dro-dul Chorten, Enchey Monastery & Banjakhri Falls (maximum 3-4 hours). Afternoon drive to Darjeeling (6,950 ft.). On arrival check-in to your hotel. Overnight stay at Darjeeling.
Day 04 :- Darjeeling Sightseeing & Departure
Early Morning (at 04:00 am) drive to Tiger hill (8,400 ft.) to watch the spectacular sunrise over Mt. Khangchendzongha (28,208 ft. Worlds 3rd highest peak), on your way back visit Ghoom Monastery and Batasia Loop. After breakfast check out from the hotel & visit Himalayan Mountaineering Institute, P.N. Zoological Park (Thursdayclosed), Tenzing Rock, Tibetan Refugee self-help Centre (Sunday closed), Tea Garden (outer view), Ropeway and Japanese Temple. By afternoon transfer to  IXB Airport for your onward journey.

Inclusion :-    
·  Accommodation on  4  star.
·  Meal Plan   APAI :- 3 Breakfast + 3 Lunch  + 3 Dinner Only. 
· Exclusive Non a/c vehicle for transfers & sightseeing. vehicle will not be at disposal it will be available to guests as per itinerary only (point to point basis).  
·  All permit fees & hotel taxes (as per itinerary).
·  Rates are valid for INDIAN NATIONALS only.
.  2 x 500 ml water bottles per pax per day  . 
.  2 Pax on a FOC basis. 
.  Gala Dinner  .


Exclusion :-
·  Air Fare / Train fare.
·  Personal Expenses such as Laundry, telephone calls, tips & gratuity, mineral water, soft & hard drinks, rafting, rock climbing, paragliding, joy ride (Toy Train), porterage.
· Additional sightseeing or extra usage of vehicles, other than mentioned in the itinerary.
·   Guide charges.
·  Any cost arising due to natural calamities like, landslides, road blockage, political disturbances (strikes), etc (to be borne by the client, which is directly payable on the spot).
·  Any increase in taxes or fuel price, leading to increase in cost on surface transportation & land arrangements, which may come into effect prior to departure.
·  Room Heater Charges.
·  Insurance.
.   GST 5%  .
·  Insurance / Nathula Pass
·  Anything which is not included in the inclusion .
