Alaska is known for being the largest state of the United States of America. It is the northernmost and westernmost state of the United States and is also known for being the only non-contiguous state.
 It is a state that attracts tourists from all over the world. It is a place that you must explore if you are a nature lover as this place has some spectacular and breathtaking views of nature that would render you speechless. It is also a place where gold mining is quite popular. You can also see the beautiful Northern Lights if you’re traveling during that season. Explore a variety of mountain ranges and is a place where you can find abundant wildlife. Explore the humongous glaciers, waterfalls, lakes and serene views of this place. You will find a variety of wildlife animals here like bears who are bigger than bison in size. You can also see jellyfish, whales, etc. You can spend some quality time with your family on this fantastic destination by booking Alaska tour packages from us.
 

10 Places To Visit In Alaska
Here are the best tourist attractions of Alaska that must not be missed on your next vacation:

1. Denali National Park
What’s Special: Mesmerizing sights, vibrant and rich flora and fauna, adventure sports

Nearby Attractions: Horseshoe Lake Trail, Mt. Healy Overlook Trail, Wonder Lake

Timings: Throughout the day

Distance From City: 11.5 miles from Healy

Transportation Options: Alaska Railroad, McKinley Explorer Dome Train, Park Connection Motorcoach

It is a National Park located in Alaska which is famous for its beautiful views that would render you speechless. Explore the amazing wildlife. It would be an experience worth a lifetime. The main purpose of this park was to protect the Dal sheep which were hunted on a large scale. Experience the views of the giant glacier some of which are larger than most skyscrapers. You can also enjoy various activities performed here like biking, backpacking, hiking, mountaineering, etc.

2. Fairbanks
What’s Special: A popular city offering a mind blowing glimpse of the exclusive lifestyle and wildlife of Alaska.

Nearby Attractions: University of Alaska Museum of the North, Running Reindeer Ranch, Fountainhead Antique Auto Museum

Timings: Throughout the day

Distance From City: 0 km

Transportation Options: Alaska Railroad, Metropolitan Area Commuter System, Shuttles & Small Cab Operators

It is the most beautiful city in Alaska. Enjoy the spectacular views of nature and wildlife here. During the winter season, you can also see the amazing aurora borealis show. It is the best place for taking part in amazing adventurous activities like dog-sledding, biking, etc.

3. Anchorage
What’s Special: An enormous city with interesting locals and world-famous heritage sites

Nearby Attractions: Elias National Park and Preserve, The Alaska Zoo

Timings: Throughout the day

Distance From City: 0 km

Transportation Options: Alaska Railroad, Wilderness Express, Park Connection Motorcoach, or rental car

It is known for being the largest city in Alaska with amazing cultural sites. Enjoy spectacular cultural and heritage sites which represent and explain the culture and heritage of this beautiful city. It is an amazing place for purchasing traditional craftwork, experiencing beautiful stage dance performances. Explore the beautiful views of Wildlife and views of nature and book Alaska tour packages for an amazing experience.

4. Juneau
What’s Special: The capital city of Alaska, not only known as a cultural bonanza but also hosts numerous adventurous encounters.

Nearby Attractions: Mount Roberts Tramway, Eaglecrest Ski Area, Mendenhall Glacier

Timings: Throughout the day

Distance From City: 0 km

Transportation Options: Dog sled tour, Cruise ship dock- rental car, Glacier Bay

It is the capital city of Alaska which is famous for some really spectacular views and adventure activities. This place is blessed with some really spectacular views. From beautiful lush green mountains to magnificent glaciers. It is a sight that you would never forget. Enjoy whale watching here.

5. Wasilla
What’s Special: The spectacular city is home to exquisite geological parks

Nearby Attractions: Iditarod Headquarters, Alaska Live Steamers, Wasilla Museum & Visitor Center, Alaska Museum of Transportation and Industry

Timings: Throughout the day

Distance From City: 0 km

Transportation Options: Alaska Railroad, Transportation Services Buses-Charter, Rental Airport Transportation, Security Aviation

It is the sixth-largest state of Alaska and is a popular tourist destination. It is visited by a large number of tourists from all over the world. It has amazing parks, and beautiful wildlife and geological parks where you can experience peace while enjoying breathtaking views. It is the perfect place for you to enhance your Instagram

6. Elias National Park
What’s Special: Beautiful escape for mountain lovers and adventurers

Nearby Attractions: Alaskan Ken­ni­cott Glac­i­er, Currant Ridge

Timings: Throughout the day

Distance From City: 10 miles from Glennallen

Transportation Options: Large boats travel through Disenchantment Bay

Located in the mountain kingdom, Elias National Park is the largest national park in the United States. Glacier hiking trails and overnight camping adventures attract Globetrotters to this place.

7. Ketchikan
What’s Special: Southernmost city that is famous for its local seafood

Nearby Attractions: Alaska Rainforest Sanctuary, Misty Fjords National Monument, Tongass National Forest

Timings: Throughout the day

Distance From City: 0 km

Transportation Options: Airport shuttle, bus, taxi, and water taxi services

Being the southernmost city of Alaska, Ketichikan serves as the first stoppage for most of the cruise ships. Its downtown stretch is a well-known Creek Street which is the most lively site of the city.

8. Glacier Bay National Park
What’s Special: Natural beauty and serene ambiance

Nearby Attractions: Bartlett Cove Campground, Glacier Highland, Russell’s Fireside Dining

Timings: Throughout the day

Distance From City: 10 miles

Transportation Options: Boat or plane

Also known as Panhandle of Alaska, the place is heaven for glacier admirers and lures travelers from across the globe with its untouched beauty. The best mode of transportation here is kayak!

9. Homer
What’s Special: Leisurely getaway for peace seekers

Nearby Attractions: Pratt Museum, Alaska Islands, Alaskan Coastal Studies

Timings: Throughout the day

Distance From City: 0 km

Transportation Options: Water Taxis, Air Taxis & Charters, and Ferry Terminals

Homer is an ideal place for those who are interested in a leisurely vacay! It is located on the Kenai Peninsula and called to be the ‘Fishing capital of Alaska’. It is truly a delightful experience for the Epicureans.

10. Mendenhall Glacier
What’s Special: Ideal for adventure freaks interested in adrenaline thrust

Nearby Attractions: Steep Creek, Alaskan Brewery and Bottling Company

Timings: 8 am – 7:30 pm

Distance From City: 12 miles

Transportation Options: Hired cars, bus, self-driven cars, chartered flights

It is a huge glacier and hosts numerous adventure sports activities. Mendenhall Glacier West Glacier Trail is loved by photographers due to its picture-perfect scenic beauty.

Best Way to Reach
Alaska is the largest state of the United States and has good connectivity of the Airport. You can also travel here by cruise. You can’t travel here by road or trains, however, you can travel

By Air
Alaska has many airports and is well-connected. There are many direct flights to reach Alaska. It receives flights from all over the world. But if you travel to Alaska from India then there are no direct flights, but connecting flights.

By Sea
You can travel to Alaska by sea. There are many one-way cruises from Canada that would drop you to Alaska.

Best Time to Visit
The best time to visit Alaska is from Mid May to Mid September when you can enjoy the beautiful views of nature and you can do a variety of activities. The days are longer and the weather is pleasant for you to enjoy the awe-inspiring views of nature. It is also the period when you can see the Northern lights.

Summers
In summer the days are longer and the weather is pleasant and it is the time when you can enjoy the spectacular views of nature. The days are so long that the light pass at 10 pm. You would also experience rains during this time. The climate here is different from that of other states of the United States. Tourists in large number flock to Alaska and is the peak season.

Winters
During winters Alaska is covered in a beautiful thick layer of snow. The temperature here can go as low as -50 degree. You can see aurora borealis during this period as in summers the days are long and the auroras are not visible during that time. You can also enjoy a number of activities like dog-sledging etc

Monsoons
Alaska experiences rain during the month of September and Southeast Alaska experiences the most rainfall.
