Itinerary
Experience Ancient Peru & Machu Picchu – 6 Days Tour Package
 

Day 01 – Lima
Arrive in Lima, the capital of Peru, and transfer to the hotel upon arrival. The beauty of the city’s many fine carved, wooden balconies found throughout the city is a joy. The center of Lima is compact, and can easily be walked around. The main building in the Plaza is the Cathedral. Overnight in Lima.

Day 02 – Lima City Tour
After breakfast, proceed for a city tour and visit the Main Square, the Government Palace, City Hall, the Cathedral, the San Francisco Convent and its “Catacombs,” ancient underground cemetery of Lima, Torre Tagle Palace, and the Osambela House. Visit the Gold Museum, then continue to the modern and high end side of Lima city, the Mira Flores. Overnight in Lima.(Meals: B)

Day 03 – Lima – Cuzco
After breakfast, depart for Cuzco. Check-in to the hotel upon arrival. Enjoy a city tour, after acclimating to the altitude, in the afternoon. Visit nearby Ruins “Cusco” of Tambo achy, Kenki, Puca – Pucara, and the fortress of Sacsay huaman. Also see the Koricancha or temple of the Sun. Overnight in Cuzco. (Meals: B)

Day 04 – Cuzco – Full Day Excursion to Machu Picchu
After breakfast, begin your day with a breathtaking train ride, which goes through Urubamba Valley and mountain top ruins of Machu Picchu. Machu Picchu is eye tantalizing tribute to man in harmony with nature. It is located high above the clouds, high above the Sacred Valley. Take the afternoon train back to Cusco and overnight in the hotel. (Meals: B)

Day 05 – Cuzco-Full Day Excursion to Sacred Valley
Breakfast at the hotel, then discover the Sacred Valley of the Incas on this full-day excursion. Travel to the scenic town of Pisac, where you’ll visit the local market and see mass if traveling on a Sunday. Then, head over to the ruins of the Ollantayambo Fortress and the Temple of the Sun, a mysterious structure with massive 12 foot (3.5m) tall stones. (Meals: B)

Day 06 – Departure
Transfer to the airport to board the flight for your next destination.(Meals: B)