Itinerary
Exotic Argentina – 6 Days Tour Package
 

Day 01 – Buenos Aires
Welcome in Buenos Aires, the capital of Argentina. After completing all the immigration formalities, you will be transferred to the hotel. Buenos Aires is, with over 11 million inhabitants, one of the largest cities in Argentina. Overnight in Buenos Aires.

Day 02 – Buenos Aires
After breakfast, we start the city tour of Buenos Aires. Visit “Plaza de Mayo,” the Pink House, the Buenos Aires Cathedral, the 9 of July Avenue, the Colon Theatre, La Boca neighborhood with the traditional “Caminito Street,” “San Martin Plaza,” Recoleta Cemetery, and the Palermo Woods. In the afternoon, we will tour the Tigre and Parana’s Delta River. Then, return by bus along the Panamerican Highway to the city of Buenos Aires. Overnight in Buenos Aires. (Meals: B)

Day 03 – Buenos Aires – Fiesta Gaucha tour
After breakfast, enjoy a full day Fiesta Gaucha Tour at Estancia Santa Susana, and meet ‘gauchos’ in their own environment. Ride to the outskirts of the city into the countryside, the ‘pampas’, cradle of the ‘gaucho’ and the rich ‘gaucho’ tradition. After dinner, proceed to enjoy the LA VENTANA, TANGO SHOW. Overnight in Buenos Aires. (Meals: B)

Day 04 – Buenos Aires – El Calafate
Today after breakfast, depart for El Calafate. The city is located at the base of Calafate Hill on the shore of the Argentinian Lake. In the early 20th century, the Patagonian trails had wagon stops every three leagues, the average distance covered in a day’s journey by a driven wagon. These inevitable stops were named by the wagon drivers: “El Bote,” “El Calafate,” and “El Centinela.” The name “El Calafate” comes from the dense calafate (berberis genus) shrubbery that grew on this alluvial plain. Check-into the hotel upon arrival.(Meals: B)

Day 05 – El Calafate – Full Day Excursion to Perito Moreno Glacier
After breakfast, proceed to the fascinating landscape of Argentinia’s Perito Moreno glacier on a full day tour from El Calafate. Explore glacier streams, small lagoons, gullies, crevasses and plenty of ice formations on this one of a kind South American experience. Learn about the general glaciology of the region as well as a particular phenomenon that happens in the Perito Moreno Glacier.(Meals: B)

Day 06 – Departure
Transfer to the airport to board the flight for your next destination.(Meals: B)