Itinerary
Best of Alaska Package Tour – 8 Days
 

Day 01 – Anchorage
Upon arrival, transfer to your hotel. Within walking distance of most downtown hotels are the Anchorage Museum of History and Art, numerous restaurants, and other downtown attractions.

Day 02 – Anchorage City Tour
Visit Anchorage’s historical sites on this city sightseeing tour by coach. This 3hour, fully narrated tour is the perfect way to get a comprehensive overview of this great Alaskan city. Enjoy informative live, onboard narration as you visit Earthquake Park and Lake Hood. Then, explore the Alaska Native Heritage Center to get an in-depth look at Alaska’s unique cultural heritage. (Meals: B)

Day 03 – Full Day Excursion to Denali National Park (OPTIONAL)
Depart from Anchorage’s Merrill Field airport very early in the morning and fly to Denali National Park in a small plane. As you approach and circle Mt. McKinley, watch for climbers on their way to the summit. After landing, you will board a bus for your park tour. Your driver will assist you in spotting wildlife along the road and answer questions about the park and its resources.(Meals: B)

Day 04 – Prince William Sound – 26 Glacier Cruise
Take part on this full-day adventure to Whittier from downtown Anchorage via coach or rail. Take a high-speed catamaran for your cruise through Prince William Sound and watch for sea otters, whales and birds as you travel through glacier-filled College and Harrimann Fjords. This tour provides an excellent opportunity to witness glacier calving.
(Meals: B)

Day 05 – Anchorage – Fairbanks
Today after breakfast proceed by plane to Fairbanks, the largest city in the Interior region of Alaska. Check in & time on own. (Meals: B)

Day 06 –Fairbanks – City Tour
Get to know Fairbanks, called the ‘Golden Heart City,’ on this 5-hour sightseeing tour. Visit the Morris Thompson Cultural and Visitors Center for an intro into the city’s history and culture, and admire the architecture at the University of Alaska’s Museum of the North. Feast your eyes on the Trans-Alaska Pipeline, the world’s largest pipeline, and wrap up your day at the Santa Claus House in the North Pole. (Meals: B)

Day 07 – Arctic Circle Day Trip
Today we will take you to the Arctic Circle, Earth’s northernmost circle of latitude, where the sky is completely dark or light all day. Aboard a climate-controlled van, cruise along the Dalton Highway, cross the Yukon River and then enjoy lunch in the arctic landscape. Learn about the indigenous Eskimo culture in the region, and take home incredible pictures, as well an official Arctic Circle certificate. (Meals: B)

Day 08 – Departure
Today we finish our trip and get ready to fly back home or to the next destination. (Meals: B)