When one thinks of Canada, everyone automatically conjures up images of beautiful vistas, craggy mountains, vast coastline, and the Niagara. But there is so more to the place than that. Canada has an amazing culture and it believes in people’s happiness and equality first. The Canadians love visitors and whip up some amazing meals too. Its modern cities are a fine example of flawless infrastructure and an eagerness to make everything work. Whether you want a modern experience, or wish to get away from it all and head out into the wilderness, Canada has a plan for everyone. It’s up to you to choose what you wish to take away from it.

 

 

Canada Tourism-A quick overview

Country

Canada

Official Language

English, French

Dial Code

+1

Population

37,602,103 (2019)

Currency

Baht

Time Zone

(GMT-3.5 to -8)

Area

9,984,670 square kilometres

 

Highlights Of Canada:
Monuments Of Canada
Canada is famous for its unspoilt beauty and unending natural vistas, which have become the symbol for the nation. However, the country also has a unique vibe that is captured beautifully in all its man-made monuments, some of them quite recognisable landmarks by themselves. Each of these brings its own charm to the place and gives reason for more visitors to come to these shores. When in Canada, don’t miss a chance to drive on the Confederation Bridge over icy waters. Do visit St Joseph’s Oratory, known to be the third-largest dome in the world. Parliament Hill displays excellent architecture and design. And how can one miss the CN Tower in Toronto.

 

Natural Beauty Of Canada
Canada offers a bouquet of amazing outdoor wonders. The world’s second-biggest nation is visited by countless tourists every year, attracted by the endless variety of landscapes and spectacular nature. Here you will find yourself awed by sky-high mountains, you will feel the majesty of shimmering glaciers, lose yourself in the thick rainforests and discover tranquillity at the remote beaches across its massive coastline. The Canadian side of the Niagara is said to be more beautiful, and you’ll have to take our word for it, but only until you actually go there yourself. If you are an outdoor person, then Canada is a wonderful holiday that is just waiting to happen.

 

Wildlife Of Canada
Canada is huge, and its varied terrain also offers a huge diversity of fauna and flora. From the largest ones like grizzly bears, polar bears, whales and the moose, to smaller animals, like the grey wolf, marmot and the wolverine. The country, with more than 200 individual species of animals, will not disappoint. Birdwatchers will love it here, too. There are over 462 types of birds, each more beautiful than the other, making every sighting a splendid opportunity for the shutterbug in you. From hummingbirds, quails, flycatchers and mimids, to vultures and goose, Canada is truly a feathered paradise. The rich boreal forests too contain exotic plants and flowers that are sure to take your breath away.

Step off the beaten path and head into the many natural reserves that dot the country, and if you are lucky, these beautiful creatures will decide to grace you with their presence.

 

Cuisine Of Canada
Canadian cuisine is primarily a fusion of cuisines from many other cultures. While some dishes, such as poutine (fries, cheese and gravy, with an assortment of meats if you wish), can be classified as originally Canadian, the country is mostly considered to be a smorgasbord of flavours and tastes. The country borrows heavily from English, Scottish and French cuisines, which form its traditional base. Over that add a rich layer of European, Asian and Caribbean flavours that has gone on to create the unique Canadian table spread that everyone relishes. While in Canada, do sample the bannock (a baked/ fried bread), butter tarts (the name itself is so delicious), lobster rolls and bagels. Satisfy that sweet craving with Saskatoon berry pie, pouding chômeur or pick up a maple toffee – soft and gooey!

 

Interesting Facts About Canada
At Narcisse Snake Dens conservation area, you can spot thousands of snakes in one place, looking like a tangle of electrical wires.
The Alberta province in Canada has no rats within its borders, and the guards make sure none enter.
The town of Churchill, Manitoba, has as many bears as it does people, a thousand each.
Enterprising business people scoop up massive floating masses of ice broken off from Greenland glaciers to help in making wine, beer, vodka, and skincare products.
Canada welcomes all, including aliens. Back in 1967, Canadians built a landing pad for a UFO ship in St. Paul, Alberta.
Canada has the world’s safest highways for animals with numerous underpasses and overpasses on all the national highways.
You weigh 1/10th of an ounce lighter in Canada’s Husdon Bay area. Perfect for when you’re feeling down.
Canada exports a million barrels of oil to the US daily, even more than all the Gulf nations’ oil supplies to US.
 

Location Of Canada
Canada stretches all the way from the Atlantic Ocean to the east and the Pacific Ocean to the west. It occupies a large chunk of the North American continent. To the south it shares borders with the United States of America and this sharing continues to the northwest, where it rubs shoulders with the state of Alaska. To its north lies the Arctic Ocean. Canada is the world’s second-largest nation, if you consider its territory from the Pacific to the Atlantic, and upwards to the Arctic Ocean.

 

Best Time To Visit Canada
Canada is at its most welcoming during fall, from September through November. The weather starts to get cool but isn’t freezing cold yet. But the best part is that the summer crowd has left, leaving you to enjoy the fall colours by yourself. This is also when you get better rates on accommodation and travel packages. Canada celebrates its fall festivities, such as pumpkin, apple, and wine festivals, giving you an opportunity to take an offbeat vacation.

 

How To Reach Canada
There are several leading airlines that operate direct flights between India and Canada. The major airports in Canada are Ottawa, Toronto, Montreal, Calgary and Vancouver. With nearly 200 weekly flight options, you can plan your holiday and book your tickets well in advance for your upcoming vacation.

 

History Of Canada
Canada has been ‘discovered’ several times in history. The earliest were the settlers who came in from the Bering Straits and settled here thousands of years ago. The Inuit hunted seals, walrus and whales, and land animals. They also grew crops of beans, maize and sunflower seeds. Many Vikings and Europeans came to Canada and claimed the land under various kings’ names. However, very soon the land was forgotten, until some 500 years ago when Europeans believed they ‘discovered’ what they thought was East India.

Traders, missionaries and soldiers arrived, bringing goods from far and unfortunately, diseases that the locals had no resistance to. However, the bond formed between the Aboriginals and the Europeans laid the foundation for Canada as we know it today.

Best Time To Visit In Canada
Canada is a vast country, and the weather can be quite different in the East and in the West. It is a place that transforms with the seasons. Even though summer months are most favoured time to visit. The best time to visit Canada is from September through November. The weather has cooled down but is still comfortable and changing fall foliage provides a beautiful backdrop for a vacation. Pleasant fall celebrations such as pumpkin, apple, and wine festivals are in full swing.

The best time to visit Canada is right now. So, what are you waiting for? 

What is the best season to visit Canada?
Winter
December 21st marks the beginning of winter in Canada and lasts until March 19th. Winter is cold across the country. You will find milder temperatures in coastal cities like Vancouver (winter lows of approximately 4 degrees Celsius), and blistering cold in Northern territories and flatlands (lows of around -20 degrees Celsius). However, if you would like to enjoy sports like skating and skiing, you will want to visit Canada in the wintertime. You can also witness the beauty of the Northern Lights, a multi-coloured phenomenon that is worth bearing the cold for! Just because it’s cold, doesn’t mean that winter isn’t the best time to visit Canada. If you are well prepared and bundled up, you can find a multitude of festivals and activities to fill your time during winter in Canada.

Significance: It is the holiday season for Canadians. Winterlude festival in Ottawa is worth a trip to the nation’s capital.

Temperature: Temperatures across the country vary due to its vast size and ranging latitude, but you can expect sub-zero temperatures across the country. In Vancouver (temperate zone), you can find temperatures as high as 4 degrees Celsius during the winter. In other areas like Montreal, Toronto, and Ottawa, temperatures can drop below minus 25 degrees Celsius.

Weather: The weather is cold across Canada during this time. 

Why you should visit now: Winter is the preferred time to visit Canada to experience the best in winter sports and festivals. Enjoy skating in scenic outdoor rinks across the country and visit our vast mountain ranges for the best in skiing. If you’ve never witnessed Aurora Borealis, also known as the Northern Lights, you will have to check this natural phenomenon during the winter season in Canada. Winter is a great time to visit family and friends, as many Canadians take time off work for the holiday season. 

Tips:  Winter is one of the most beautiful times of the year in Canada. To get the most out of your winter experience, bundle up with the right outerwear and plan your trip well in advance. 

 

Spring
Similarly, springtime (March 20th to June 20th) can be a bit chilly if you are visiting from a warmer country like India. April is known for its precipitation, so prepare for different types of weather to get the most from your Canadian spring vacation. In May, you will notice the warming weather along with beautiful flowers, leaves, and greenery blossoming in the environment. May is one of the best times to visit Canada because of warming weather coupled with lower prices relative to the popular summer season. June is similar, as it’s still before peak season, and its days are the longest in the year. You can also access the northern parts of Canada during June to embark on the exploration of a lifetime through mountains, valleys, glaciers, and lakes. 

Significance: It is a time of growth and new life in the environment. Celebrate spring with Canadians through festivals including the Canadian Tulip Festival (Ottawa), Cherry Blossom Festival (Vancouver), and the Annapolis Apple Blossom Festival (Nova Scotia). Take advantage of the season with the live events happening at these blossoming spectacles.

Temperature: Temperatures vary across the country due to its vast size and ranging latitude, but you can expect above zero temperatures across the country. In Vancouver (temperate zone), you can find temperatures as high as 12 degrees Celsius during the spring. In other areas like Montreal, Toronto, and Ottawa, temperatures can drop below 0 degrees Celsius.

Weather: The weather begins cold and continues warming during spring. 

Why you should visit now: Early spring is an off-season for Canadian tourism, so you will find great deals and lower prices for travel and accommodation. Festival season begins in spring with the blossoming of flowers, and the full transformation is complete by the end of the season.

Tips:  Spring is often cold and wet in Canada. Be sure to layer up and grab an umbrella and sturdy rain boots to get the most out of your time in Canada.

 

Summer
Peak season in Canada is the summer months of July and August, and for a good reason. Travel across the country with relative ease to enjoy a wide-spanning array of activities. Unleash your inner cowboy at the Calgary Stampede in July, and then head to the Festival de Jazz de Montreal (Montreal Jazz Festival in July) in Quebec to hear the world’s leading jazz musicians. For nature lovers, there are countless sites to visit and explore in the summer, with many activities to partake in and enjoy.

Significance: Canada’s peak season is summer, and the entire country is bustling with festivals including Carnivale, Canadian National Exhibition, and Pride parade. All in Toronto, these grand celebrations are held throughout peak season, and they all offer great food too. Other notable festivals include the Pacific National Exhibition (Vancouver), Calgary Stampede (Calgary), Just for Laughs (Montreal) and the Celebration of Light (Vancouver). 

Temperature: Temperatures vary across Canada due to its size and ranging latitude, but you can expect the warmest temperatures of the year throughout the country. Toronto sees temperatures ranging from 20 to 35 degrees Celsius, while more temperate zones like Vancouver will see smaller ranges and lower average temperatures around 18 to 27 degrees Celsius. 

Weather: Across the country, it’s the warmest time of the year. 

Why you should visit now: With the warmest weather, you will find all year, summer is the best time to visit Canada. You will find all the best attractions, national parks, hiking trails open to visitors, and you can explore to your heart’s content. 

Tips:  Canada’s peak season is summer. So if you are looking to avoid crowds, pick alternative destinations and smaller cities and towns. That way, you will save money, time, and get to create your own unique, Canadian experience.

 

Autumn
Autumn in Canada (September to December) is a truly spectacular site; whether you are walking around a local town looking at its historic sites and buildings, or taking a stroll through a nearby forest, the leaves’ colours will leave you breathless. From a luscious green, the foliage in the country goes through a complete transformation adding yellows, oranges, and reds you will not want to miss. Enjoy most outdoor activities with fewer crowds than in the summer and take in the beautiful scenery for a truly spectacular visit to Canada.  

Significance: With the leaves changing colour, you can join Canadians and celebrate the changing seasons at a number of festivals and events. Visit the Tremblant Symphony of Colours (Quebec), Kitchener/Waterloo Oktoberfest, Niagara Grape & Wine Festival (St. Catherines) and the Celtics Colours International Festival (Nova Scotia).

Temperature: Temperatures vary across Canada due to its size and ranging latitude, but you can expect cooling temperatures throughout the season. In Toronto, temperatures average around 16 degrees in September 10 degrees in October, and 4 degrees in November.  Other cities across the country see a similar pattern of cooling with varying ranges.

Weather: The weather is gradually cooling over the course of this season.

Why you should visit now: Early autumn is a great time to visit Canada for many reasons from its fall festivals to the fewer number of tourists at popular destinations. It’s still warm enough to stop by the Niagara Falls, and you can explore the changing surrounding area at the Niagara gorge.

Tips:  Canada’s peak season is summer. So if you are looking to avoid crowds, pick alternative destinations and smaller cities and towns. That way, you will save money, time, and get to create your own unique, Canadian experience.