Itinerary
Elegant East Canada Tour Package – 8 Days
 

Day 01 – Arrive in Toronto
Welcome to Toronto! A fabulous waterfront city lying on the north shore of Lake Ontario, Toronto is Canada’s largest and most cosmopolitan city. Its breathtaking architecture, world Class Theater, international sports, and beautiful waterfront setting make this a popular city to study in. Stroll around Harbourfront Park with new international friends. Over 25 million people visit Toronto annually. Upon arrival, check-in to the hotel.

Day 02 – Toronto City Tour
After breakfast, proceed for a City Tour of Toronto, where you will explore the Hockey Hall of Fame, CN Tower, Rogers Centre, Air Canada Centre, Olympic Spirit, Toronto’s Harbourfront, St. Lawrence Market, the Entertainment District, Casa Loma, the Royal Ontario Museum, Bata Shoe Museum, and Eaton Centre. (Meals: B)

Day 03 – Niagara Falls Day Tour
After breakfast, today you will proceed towards Canada’s greatest Natural Wonder, Niagara Falls. You will visit Horseshoe Falls, Table Rock, floral clock, Clifton Hill and Niagara on the Lake. You will ride the famous “Maid of the Mist,” which takes us close to the thundering Falls and around the American Falls (seasonal). Later, we will proceed back to Toronto. (Meals: B)

Day 04 – Toronto – Montreal
After breakfast, we proceed by plane/train to Montreal. A city at the foot of Mount Royal, Montreal is known for its majestic Churches, Olympic Stadium and exciting festivals. Upon arrival, check-in to the hotel. Spend the time at leisure. (Meals: B)

Day 05 – Montreal City Tour
After breakfast, proceed for an exciting city tour of Montreal. Visit Old Montreal, Notre-Dame Basilica, Olympia Park, Mount Royal Park, St. Joseph’s Oratory, Montreal Harbor, Chinatown, Place Ville Marie, City Hall, Bell Centre, Downtown Montreal and much more. (Meals: B)

Day 06 – Ottawa City Tour
After breakfast, travel from Montreal by motor coach and spend a day exploring beautiful and historic Ottawa, Canada’s Capital. The City tour includes the Parliament Building, Supreme Court of Canada, National Arts Center, and Rideau Canal, Ottawa City Hall, Rockcliffe Lookout, Dows Lake, Ornamental Gardens, Chinatown & Little Italy, and Farmers Byward Market. Later drive back to Montreal. (Meals: B)

Day 07 – Quebec City Tour & Montmorency Falls
After breakfast, proceed for a day tour to Quebec City. Today we will bring you through all the historical treasures of Quebec such as: Place Royale, Plains of Abraham, Parliament Building, Montmorency Falls, Ile D’ Orleans, Place D’Armes, and many more.(Meals: B)

Day 08 – Montreal – Fly Out
Today we finish our trip and get ready to fly back home or to the next
destination. (Meals: B)