Hawaii: A land of Lei garlands, Aloha greetings, and tunes of Ukulele!
Hawaii tour packages are synonymous with paradisiacal beaches, stunning waterfalls, volcanic craters, multi-hued coral reefs, and Polynesian culture. Holidays in Hawaii are replete with sun, sand, surf, and adventure.

This group of islands is located in the Pacific Ocean roughly 3,200 kilometers from the continental United States. Book Hawaii vacation packages to explore this archipelago with eight main islands: Hawaii, Maui, Oahu, Kahoolawe, Lanai, Molokai, Kauai, Niihau. The Hawaii Island, also known as the Big Island, is home to the state capital Honolulu.
Peeking out of the vast Pacific, the eight islands of Hawaii may be seen as a far-flung region, but nothing is as alluring for travelers as the thought of coming down to Hawaii. From barren volcanic deserts to evergreen forests, the world’s longest archipelago is home to several natural wonders waiting to be explored with our Hawaii holiday packages. A haven for recreational activities ranging from scuba diving to stargazing, Hawaii is a perfect excuse for a tropical getaway.

Tourism is a significant part of Hawaii’s economy as the state offers everything travelers can ask for. This US state has endless thrills to experience and for those looking to get a glimpse of Polynesian culture. Pearl Harbor Historic Sites comprise the memorials of World War II on the islands of Oahu. The USS Arizona Memorial, Battleship USS Missouri Memorial, and USS Oklahoma Memorial are top attractions here. Our tour packages for Hawaii also allow the tour of popular volcanoes in Hawaii such as Mauna Loa (world’s biggest volcano in terms of mass and volume), Kilauea (the most active volcano in the world), and Mauna Kea (the tallest peak in Hawaii at 4025 meters). The perfect example of an island paradise, Hawaii stands out for its beautiful landscapes, gorgeous beaches and a vibrant culture. Situated in the Central Pacific Ocean, Hawaii is a group of volcanic islands, visited by millions of tourists every year. Six islands in Hawaii attract most of the tourism, including the Island of Hawaii or ‘the Big Island,’ Oahu, Maui, Kauai, Molokai and Lanai. Honolulu is the Capital city of Hawaii, where most of the tourists head for a Hawaii vacation. Lying in the island of Oahu, this city is the centre of activity and the most densely populated in Hawaii.

Hawaii has some of the most beautiful white sand beaches on the planet and Waikiki Beach is one of those. Besides presenting tranquil ambience, this beach offers endless opportunities for surfing and sunbathing. Travellers should find the right Hawaii tour packages to visit the choicest locations in this chain of islands. ‘The Big Island’ is the largest of Hawaiian Islands and is renowned as home to Mauna Loa- one of the most active volcanoes, and Mauna Kea- the tallest sea mountain in the world. Kailua-Kona, lying in the western part of this island, offers excellent opportunities for whale and dolphin watching along with surfing, snorkelling and ocean swimming.

 

Maui is the second-biggest island here, welcoming tourists with its wealth of natural beauty and amazing beaches. Visitors can spend leisurely hours lazing on the beaches of Kaanapali, explore natural wonders of Haleakala National Park or go golfing in beautifully sculpted golf courses at Kapalua. Tourists must make sure that Maui is a part of their itinerary in any Hawaii holiday package. Lying at the north-west corner of Maui, Kapalua is also known for its luxury resorts, hotels and a majestic shoreline. Wailea and Makena are resort communities lying to the south of Kihei, boasting of luxury hotels, condominiums, plenty of shopping options and golf courses. This place is also known for golden sand beaches and a host of beach activities.


Kauai, also known as the ‘Garden Isle,’ is home to some of the most sought-after places in all of Hawaii. Oldest of the islands here, it boasts of awe-inspiring natural wonders of Waimea Canyon and the Na Pali Coast. It is blessed with miles and miles of unmatched sand beaches, attracting a number of tourists. Poipu, lying on the south side of this island, is termed the ‘sunny side of the paradise.’ Home to well-known botanical gardens, some beautiful sand beaches and marine biodiversity, it is one of the must-visit places on this island. Blessed with such a variety of natural landscapes, sand beaches and endless opportunities for fun and recreation, a Hawaii tour is easily the best bet for any traveller.

Best Places To Visit In Hawaii
1. Honolulu
Top places Name: Honolulu

What’s Special: Serene beaches, alluring sceneries, pleasant weather

Major Attractions: Pearl Harbor, Waikiki Beach, Lanikai Beach, Sunset Beach, Magic Island, Diamond Head State Monument, Iolani Palace

Transportation Options: Taxi, bus, cab

Ideally positioned on the Southern part of Oahu, Honolulu is an urban city that is known for awe-inspiring sceneries, glistening beaches, tropical climate, and refreshing vibes. Whether you are planning a honeymoon or a family vacation, this destination has a lot to offer. From enjoying water activities to exploring various tourist attractions, there’s so much to do in Honolulu. So, make sure to add this destination to your Hawaii travel package.

2. Kailua Kona
Top places Name: Kailua Kona

What’s Special: Farm tours, tea plantation, scenic views

Major Attractions: Hulihe‘e Palace, Kona Hawaiian Quilt Museum and Gallery, Thunder Mountain Coffee Plantation, Old Hawaiian Chocolate Factory, Island Breeze Luau

Transportation Options: Taxi, bus, cab

Located on the west coast of Hawaii Island, Kailua Kona is yet another tourist spot in this beach destination where travellers of all age groups can enjoy. If you are looking for some offbeat experiences, then this place should definitely be on your itinerary. From visiting brewpub downtown to enjoying some shopping at the local farmers market, you can make the most of your vacay while indulging in several activities.

3. Hilo
Top places Name: Hilo

What’s Special: Adventurous activities, farmers market, photography site, waterfalls

Major Attractions: Akaka Falls, Coconut Island, Imiloa Astronomy Center, Kaumana Caves, Rainbow Falls

Transportation Options: Taxi, bus, cab

Popularly called the Big Island, Hilo is one destination where vacationers get to enjoy a myriad of outdoor activities. While staying on this paradiscal land, you can head out for witnessing the lava, hike up to the waterfalls or indulge in some adventurous water sports at the best beaches. While kids can enjoy at the tropical zoo, adults can splurge in the local farmers market. If you wish to witness the best of this place, make sure to plan a trip of 2-3 days.

Best Time To Visit Hawaii
The destination has a tropical climate throughout the year that allows vacationers to plan a trip whenever they wish to. However, the months between March and September are considered the best to witness the charm of Hawaii. During these months, the rain is less and the temperature hovers around 25 degrees Celsius.

Go through our detailed listings of tour packages to Hawaii from India to make your tropical getaway more special. Book a holiday package for Hawaii with a customizable itinerary and enjoy your tropical vacation with loved ones.

 