Mexico is a great mosaic that combines beautiful natural settings, cities with pre-Hispanic, colonial and modern heritage, a wide variety of exquisite delicacies that delight palates, and fascinating traditions that captivate the visitor.

From the beach to the mountains, from the desert to the jungle, from the archaeological zone to the vibrant cities, from sweet to spicy flavors, from relaxing to the happy of its parties, Mexico has everything that tourists are looking for, which is well received by the warmth of its people. Mexico has 32 states to fall in love with.

 No listings were found matching your selection. Something missing? Why not add a listing?.
Mexico is a beautiful country in the southern portion of North America, bordered by the United States on the north and Guatemala and

Belize on the southeast. It is a vast country filled with tons of cultural, historical and geographical diversity that one can witness during their stay. From dense green forests and rugged desert terrain to ruins of ancient civilisations and traces of modern history, there is a plethora of renowned Mexico tourist attractions for you to witness and explore.
 

 

Hence, if you are interested in gaining more in-depth knowledge about foreign culture and history, Mexico can be an ideal option. Whether it’s a short adventure trip with friends or a long vacation with family, you can find the right Mexico tourism packages that fit your travel needs on our website. HolidayMonk offers multiple Mexico tour packages within most budget ranges to assist tourists in getting the best travel experience. From an 8 Nights/ 9 Days trip to all the way up to a 19 Nights/ 20 Days trip, these professionally organised Mexico tour packages offer the best value for your buck. In addition, these Mexico tour packages take care of most of the crucial aspects of setting up a foreign vacation, such as Mexico sightseeing, hotels, meals, etc., so you don’t have to deal with them yourself. 

About Mexico holiday
While looking for Mexico package holidays, research and learn about the destination first. Mexico, officially called the United Mexican States, is a country in North America covering a total area of 1,972,550 square kilometres. This page aims to offer interested travellers key details about the destination so they can choose from the most suitable Mexico tourism packages from India. For instance, there are tons of places to visit in Mexico for history buffs, such as the jaw-dropping ruins of the ancient civilisation of the Aztecs and Maya. Its vibrant and diverse culture also plays a massive role in promoting regional tourism, with things like Fiestas, Carnivals, Mariachi Bands, Jarabe Tapito, etc. The country is also a key adventure hub, offering opportunities for kayaking, ziplining, whitewater rafting, hiking, etc., which you may or may not find included in popular Mexico tourism packages. The actual Mexico trip cost, however, depends on a lot of factors, including trip duration, time of visit, total travellers, etc.

 

If you wish to experience all these in style, check out the Mexico tour packages available on our page. You can find Mexico package holidays from major Indian cities, including Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Bangalore, etc.

Best time to visit Mexico 
While you can find Mexico tour packages for every season, select a timeline that fits your trip expectations. These are the season-wise Mexico tour experiences;

Mexico in winter
The winter season in Mexico stretches from December to February. The weather condition stays quite pleasant with an average temperature of around 20°C. You can expect to witness snowfall in the highlands of northern Mexico. Due to all these, winter is considered the best time to visit Mexico. The best month to visit Mexico to witness snow in some northern regions is December. You will have no problem finding Mexico package holidays for the winter season.

Mexico in spring
Spring in Mexico starts around March and extends till May. The average temperature range stays around the mid-20s and only slightly increases towards May. You can expect rainfall from April, which highlights the region’s natural beauty. Spring is actually one of the shoulder seasons for Mexico tour but you can still find Mexico package holidays for this season. Besides winter, it is the best season to visit Mexico for holidays. 

Mexico in summer 
Summer is the off-season for tourism in Mexico. It stretches from June to August and features extreme temperatures around 30°C to 40°C. It is also known as the hurricane season, which is why tourists generally avoid making Mexico travel plans around these months. You can easily find Mexico tour packages for summer on our page. Summer is generally termed as the best season for Mexico tourism on a budget.

Mexico in autumn
Autumn, from September to November, is the other shoulder season for the Mexico tour. The temperature hovers around the 30°C mark in the southern parts and the 20°C mark around the northern regions. You can find Mexico packages for the autumn season without much worry.

How to reach Mexico
Indian travellers on their Mexico tour can use the following modes of transport to reach the country;

By air
The easiest and most popular way to travel to Mexico from India is via flight. Mexico has multiple international airports that help it to stay connected to major parts of the world. While there are no direct flights operating from India to Mexico, individuals can easily find connecting flights from major Indian cities, including Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, etc. Some popular Mexico package holidays may include optional flights. As winter is the best time to go to Mexico, consider booking flights in advance to avoid unavailability.

By Road/Rail
There is no direct road or rail system that connects India to Mexico. One can alternatively travel to the USA from India and then continue their journey to Mexico by road. It is not recommended because it requires a lot of paperwork and time, so look for Mexico packages that include flights.

By water
There are no direct cruise ships that sail from India to Mexico. However, tourists can first reach the USA and then board a cruise from one of its ports to reach Mexico. Some Mexico tour packages may or may not include transportation.

Places to visit in Mexico
Here are some of the best places to visit in Mexico:

Mexico City
Mexico City is the country’s capital and a standard inclusion in most Mexico tour packages. It is one of the best places in Mexico where you can experience and witness the authentic regional cuisine, culture and traditions alongside major historical sites and architectural masterpieces. Some of its highlights include the Historic Centre of Mexico City, Teotihuacan, Xochimilco, Coyacan, Chapultepec, etc., which are often included under sightseeing in most Mexico package holidays.

Copper Canyon
The Copper Canyon is among the top Mexico tourist attractions. Comprised of a series of six separate canyons, it is a site of immense natural beauty and historical importance. This UNESCO World Heritage Site is sometimes also called the “Grand Canyon of Mexico” and is seen in the majority of Mexico packages.

Chichen Itza
The archaeological site of Chichen Itza is one of the best places in Mexico for history buffs. This UNESCO World Heritage Site is one of the finest restored evidences of the Mayan Civilisation. Its main attractions include the giant El Castillo and the almost 1000-year-old Caracol. Make sure to add this site to your customisable Mexico package holidays.

Oaxaca
Oaxaca is also among the most well-known tourist places to see in Mexico. Individuals interested in experiencing the real cultural side of the country will find this city interesting. Some of its main attractions are the Oaxaca Cathedral, Monte Alban, the Cultural Centre, etc. If you can’t find Oaxaca in Mexico packages, add it by contacting your trip operator.

Best hill stations/ best beaches in Mexico
Following are some renowned beaches and hillside destinations in Mexico that you can check out;

Hill stations
Ajusco

 

Ajusco is one of the best tourist places in Mexico for a hillside vacation. It is basically a 3,930-metre-high lava dome, making it the highest point in the city. Tourists love to have a short stay in this area and check out its surrounding beauty during their Mexico travel. It is often included in some Mexico tour packages.

 

Cuetzalan

 

This small mountain town, 177 km from Puebla, is one of the most beautiful places to visit in Mexico. The rustic town buildings surrounded by densely covered green hills offer some of the best picturesque views. Consider adding Cuetzalan to your Mexico package holidays.  

 

Pico de Orizaba

 

Pico de Orizaba is among the most famous Mexico tourist places that you can check out. This 5636-metre-tall, inactive stratovolcano is the highest peak in the country. Found in major Mexico packages, tourists love to visit Pico de Orizaba for its breathtaking scenic beauty and hiking adventures. 

Beaches
Playa Cerritos

 

Playa Cerritos in Baja California Sur, Mexico, has been a major spot for surfing adventures. It is among the few Pacific beaches in Baja where you can swim safely. It is included in many Mexico package holidays and remains filled with tons of tourists around the year.

 

Playa Carrizalillo

 

The Playa Carrizalillo is a secluded beach in Mexico’s Puerto Escondido. One has to descend 160 steps to reach this beach, which is a small but beautiful sandy stretch surrounded by swaying palm trees on one side and clear blue seawater on the other. You can find this beach in most Mexico package holidays.  

 

Playa del Amor

 

Playa del Amor, also known as the Lover’s Beach, is a very popular beach in Mexico. Located in Cabo San Lucas, the golden sand, turquoise sea water, and the backdrop of giant arid rock formations make it one of the most eye-catching tourist attractions in Mexico. You can find Playa del Amor in popular Mexico tour packages.

Best honeymoon destinations in Mexico 
Check out the following places to find a romantic destination for your honeymoon in Mexico;

Playa del Carmen
This resort city in Quintana Roo is a renowned destination for a honeymoon in Mexico. Playa del Carmen is known for its major tourist attractions, including vibrant nature reserves and beautiful white-sand beaches. Also, the availability of luxury accommodations for married couples and an exuberant nightlife scene makes it a prominent choice for honeymooners. You won’t have a problem finding a Mexico honeymoon package that includes this location.

Cancun
Besides being known for Mexico family tours, Cancun is a wildly popular honeymoon destination. This city is a complete vacation spot featuring all the honeymoon essentials, from luxury resorts and restaurants to beautiful beaches and vibrant nightlife. You can customise a Mexico honeymoon package that includes Cancun.

Puebla
Newly married couples can easily add Puebla to their honeymoon Mexico travel plan. It is also one of the best Mexico places to visit to try out delicious regional dishes, especially desserts, during a Mexico trip.

Things to do in Mexico
If you are looking for some fun things to do during your Mexico trip, here are some options to consider;

Horseback ride to Chamula
During your Mexico tour, take a horseback ride to San Juan Chamula and enjoy the journey while soaking in the surrounding natural beauty and daily rural life in the region.

Ride a hot air balloon over the Ruins of Teotihuacan
Exploring the remarkable ancient ruins of Teotihuacan in Mexico on a hot air balloon is one of the best things to do in Mexico. Enjoy the breathtaking, top-view perspective of this archaeological site to spice up your Mexico tour experience. 

Ride a train through Copper Canyon
Exploring the immense natural beauty of the renowned Copper Canyon by travelling on the El Chepe, otherwise called the Copper Canyon Train, is one of the best things to do in Mexico. Make sure to add it to your Mexico travel plan.

Learn surfing in Sayulita 
If you keep an interest in surfing or learning the art of surfing, there’s no better place to try it than Sayulita Village during your Mexico tour. Note that you may or may not find surfing as a standard inclusion in most India to Mexico tour package options. 

What to eat in Mexico 
Alongside looking for Mexico tours all-inclusive plans, don’t forget to research the authentic regional dishes. Some well-known options are;

Menudo
Menudo, also called Pancita, is a popular dish in Mexico. It is a seasoned soup prepared with ingredients like beef tripe and corn kernels over a chilli pepper base. Don’t forget to add this to your Mexico travel plan.

Quesadilla
Quesadillas are either flour or corn tortillas that are folded in half and have a filling made of cheese and a few other ingredients. It is then grilled or deep-fried and consumed while hot. It is not usually included under meals in most Mexico packages tour plans.

Flan
Mexican Flan is a flavourful regional sweet dish you can try during your visit. It is a baked custard made with whole eggs and evaporated and condensed milk, finally topped with light sugar syrup.

Tacos
Do not forget to try the authentic tacos during your Mexico trip. It is a folded tortilla with a filling in the middle made of offal, steak, chorizo, onions, etc. Mexico City is one of the best places to visit in Mexico for delicious Tacos.

Burritos
Burritos are another signature Mexican food that you can find everywhere. It is a rolled flour-made tortilla with a stuffing made of meat, cheese, refried beans, chopped vegetables, etc. 

What to shop in Mexico 
Here are some things you should look for when shopping in Mexico;

Mayan Wooden Mask
These finely carved wooden masks depict various natural symbols, ancient deities and jungle animals tied closely to the Mayan culture. These beautiful art pieces are perfect home decor items that you buy in Mexico.

 

Where to buy: These masks are available all-around major cities included in Mexico trip packages, especially the open markets.

Lucha Libre Mask
If you are a wrestling fan, you will love the Lucha Libre Masks sold all around Mexico. These colourful masks help symbolise the native form of freestyle wrestling in Mexico and are very affordable. 

 

Where to buy: The street market in San Miguel de Allende, Guanajuato, is a great place to buy Lucha libre masks. So, consider looking for Mexico tourist packages that include Guanajuato.

Mexican Chocolate
Authentic Mexican chocolate is a delicious and compact gift idea that you can consider. It is perfect for cooking and making hot chocolates and can also help satisfy your sweet tooth as a quick snack.

 

Where to buy: Some of the best places to buy Mexican chocolate are from the local shops in Oaxaca, Chiapas and Tabasco. It is best to go with Mexico tourist packages that include a short stay at these locations.

Mexican Coffee Beans
Mexican coffee beans are another affordable regional product you can buy as a gift or for self-consumption during your trip.

 

Where to buy: Consider buying Mexican coffee beans from the local markets in the country’s southern states, which you can find in some Mexico trip packages. 

Interesting facts about Mexico
While searching for Mexico travel all-inclusive packages, check out some lesser-known facts about the country that every tourist should know about;

Mexico has a total of 35 UNESCO World Heritage Sites within its territory, including the likes of Chichen Itza, Teotihuacan, Uxmal, Queretaro, Guanajuato, etc.
The world’s smallest volcano is found in Mexico, called Cuexcomate. It is located on the outskirts of Puebla City and has a height of just 43 feet.
Thlachihualtepetl, or the Great Pyramid of Cholula in Mexico, is known as the world’s largest pyramid by volume known to ever exist. You can look for customisable Mexico trip packages where you can add this site.
The first printing press in North America was set up in modern-day Mexico City by Juan Cromberger in 1539. 
Mexico is home to jaguars, with an estimated population of around four to five thousand of them living in the wild.
The capital city of Mexico is slowly sinking. Built on a lake, Mexico City has sunken a total of 30 feet over the years, at a rate of 20 inches per year.
Mexico culture
Here are some popular culture habits and traditions followed in Mexico;

Mexicans love to hold fiestas, where they celebrate various occasions like birthdays, anniversaries, weddings, etc., in a grand manner. Laughter, dance and music, good food and decorations are some of its major features. 
Mexico celebrates a special event called Dia del Nino on 30th April, where children receive presents and candies from their parents and teachers. Fiestas, games, competitions, etc., are held at schools instead of classes.
To honour the ones who have died, Mexican families observe the famous Dia de los Muertos on November 1st and 2nd. Calaveras, marigold flowers, home altars (Ofrendas), visiting graves with gifts, etc., are some highlights of this event. Consider Mexico trip packages around this time to witness this popular event.
Mexico visa for Indians 
In order to enter Mexico for the purpose of tourism, Indian nationals will need to acquire a Mexico tourist visa. This visa allows a stay of up to 180 days in the country, and you must apply for it prior to your travel. Do note that some Mexico trip packages may or may not include visas.

Foreign currency for Mexico visit
The official currency of Mexico is the Mexican Peso (Code: MXN). The approximate value of 1 Mexican Peso to Indian Rupee is 1 MXN = 4.82 INR. You will need to acquire sufficient Mexican pesos for your Mexico trip so you can make payments there without any hassle.

