Itinerary
Amazing USA Tour Package
11 Nights and 12 Days Amazing USA Tour Package
Package Details
Day 1: Arrive in New York
Welcome to the “Big Apple,” the “City That Never Sleeps”—New York is a city of superlatives: America’s biggest; its most exciting; its business and cultural capitals; the nation’s trendsetter. For more than a century, it has been one of the world’s major centers of commerce and finance. Upon arrival at the airport, you will be transferred to the hotel.
Day 2: New York City Tour
After breakfast, we proceed for a City Tour of New York. The sightseeing will include USA’s famous landmark “Statue of Liberty.” We will take a ferry ride to Liberty Island for a spectacular view of the New York City Skyline. Next, we experience the view of a lifetime from the 86th floor of the Empire State Building. Later in the day we will see Rockefeller Center, Wall Street, Ground Zero and Central Park, Times Square, United Nations and Trump Tower. (Meals: B)
Day 3: New York – Washington D.C.
Today, we proceed by plane/train/road to Washington D.C., capital of the United States of America and a Guide to the Historic Neighborhoods and Monuments. Other than the federal government, tourism is D.C.’s biggest industry. The city attracts almost twenty million visitors each year. After checking in at the hotel, you will explore the capital city of US. Seethe White House, Lincoln Memorial, Supreme Court, the Capitol Building, the Smithsonian Air and Space museum, Union Station, World War II Memorial Building, Pentagon building and Washington monument.(Meals: B)
Day 4: Washington D.C.- Buffalo- USA side Niagara Falls
Today, we proceed by plane/train to Buffalo, to view the world famous falls, which form one of the natural wonders of the World. (Meals: B)
Day 5: USA side Niagara Falls
After breakfast, we will board the famous boat, “Maid of the Mist,” which takes us close to the thundering falls and around the American and Horseshoe Falls (seasonal). Return to the hotel to freshen up after your damp ride and then enjoy dinner at Niagara’s finest restaurant. You can also visit the falls on own at night to see them lit up beautifully.(Meals: B)
Day 6: Las Vegas
Today, we proceed by plane/train to Las Vegas. On arrival, transfer to your hotel. In the evening, we proceed for a city tour of Las Vegas, experiencing the spectacular Colorful Dancing Fountain water fountains of the Bellagio, the Pirate Ships at Treasure Island, Stratosphere Tower, Downtown Vegas, and of course Fremont street, where over 12 million lights create a free show with pumping music. (Meals: B)
Day 7: Grand Canyon (Optional)
Spend the day at leisure OR take the Grand Canyon Tour BUS OR AIR (OPTIONAL). Don’t forget the new Wonder of the West, The SKYWALK. In the evening, take the Las Vegas Night Flight (OPTIONAL), a Helicopter Ride over dazzling night time Vegas, take in a fabulous show, or visit any of the free shows such as the Sirens of Treasure Island and much more.
Day 8: Las Vegas- Los Angeles
Today, we proceed by plane/train/road to Los Angeles. Enjoy a city tour of Los Angeles, where we will drive you through the “Entertainment capital of the world,” Hollywood Walk of Fame, Beverly Hills, Grumman Chinese Theater, Sunset Strip, Rodeo Drive for the world’s most expensive shopping, and China town for some good bargains.
Day 09: Los Angeles- Universal Studios
Join us today for a tour of Universal Studios, which has always been known for its innovative
rides and attractions and is designed to let visitors experience the movies like never before. A trip
to Universal is like a trip into the heart of Hollywood. With films and TV shows always in production, one never knows who they might see wandering the sidewalks of the park. (Meals: B)
Day 10: Los Angeles- Disney Land
Today you will visit Disney Land, where storybook fantasy is everyday reality and Disney classics are brought to life. From the moment you step onto Main Street USA, you are transported to a place where the cares of the outside world seem to magically melt away.(Meals: B)
Day 11: Los Angeles – San Francisco
Today, we proceed by plane/train/road to San Francisco, one of the few North American cities to achieve the legendary status of such places as Paris or London. You will visit the famous Golden Gate Bridge, with the world’s highest bridge towers. Continue on to Twin Peaks, Lombard Street, Cable Car, Pier 39, Nob Hill, Civic Center, Union Square, Fisherman’s Wharf, Palace of Fine Arts& other highlights. (Meals: B)
Day 12: Departure from San Francisco
After breakfast, spend some time at leisure. Depart for the airport to board your flight for next destination. (Meals: B)