Day 01- Arrive in Vancouver
Today you will fly to Vancouver, which is truly one of the world’s most beautiful cities and one of the healthiest places to visit or live. It is a sophisticated, vibrant, fun loving, outdoor living city. Upon arrival, check in hotel and spend time at leisure.

Day 02 – Vancouver City Tour – Grouse Mountain – Suspension Bridge
This all day tour combines Vancouver Highlights with the best of the North Shore: Capilano Suspension Bridge and Park, and Grouse Mountain, including the Grouse Mountain Sky ride to the top of the mountain. You’ll see Stanley Park, Chinatown, Gas town, English Bay and Yaletown downtown. You’ll also have plenty of time to explore Capilano Suspension Bridge, with its Tree Top Adventure, Cliff Walk and the amazing bridge itself. Then it’s up to the top of Grouse Mountain by gondola, where you’ll have time to visit Coola and Grinder, the two orphaned Grizzly Bears,watch amazing lumberjacks and the Lumber Jack Show, Birds in Motion, and the Theatre in the Sky. (Meals: B)

Day 03 – Victoria & Butchart Garden Tour
Today you will enjoy a 90 minute cruise through the spectacular Gulf Islands. Watch for whales, sea lions and bald eagles. You will visit Butchart Gardens, which is fifty-five acres of flowers, trees, pathways and creeks. Featuring a sunken garden, a world famous rose garden and a wonderful restaurant serving High Tea daily, Butchart Gardens is one of the most beautiful and best maintained gardens in the world. Tour the city of Victoria and take a scenic drive along the coast and enjoy the views. Ride through the famous Oak Bay and Uplands residential areas, plus the University of Victoria, Beacon Hill Park, Chinatown, and Downtown. (Meals: B)

Day 04 – Vancouver – Whistler & Shannon Falls Tours
After breakfast, you will enjoy the breathtaking views and scenic stops along the thrilling Sea-To-Sky Highway. Feel the mist of the spectacular 335-meter Shannon Falls. In Whistler, you will have time to dine, shop, take the Peak 2 Peak gondola, bike or stroll along the trails. Seasonally, ride the Gondola to the Peak of Whistler Mountain. Enjoy glacier, mountain and river views on your leisurely ride home. (Meals: B)

Day 05 – Calgary
Today we proceed by plane/train to Calgary; the largest city in the province of Alberta, Canada. It is located in the south of the province, in a region of foothills and high plains, approximately 80 km east of the front ranges of the Canadian Rockies. Upon arrival, check-in to the hotel. Spend rest of the day at leisure. (Meals: B)

Day 06 – Calgary City Tour
After breakfast, you will proceed for a city tour of Calgary and visit Calgary Tower, Old and New City Hall, Olympic Plaza, Fort Calgary Historic Park, Chinatown, Eau Claire Market Mall, Stephen Avenue, Devonian Garden, Stampede Park, Saddle dome and much more. (Meals: B)

Day 07 – Banff City Tour & Gondola Ride
Today, you will enjoy a stunning tour, which is a great way to see Banff and its surrounding areas from an amazing selection of perspectives. A full day excursion takes you from the city of Calgary into the Canadian Rockies through Alberta’s foothills and ranching country to the resort town of Banff in the Rocky Mountains. Experience our stories of the people, geology, and the building of this mountain town. This day trip includes admission to the Banff Gondola, where an 8-minute gondola car takes you to the top of the mountain. (Meals: B)

Day 08 – Calgary – Fly Out
Today, we finish our trip and get ready to fly back home or to the next
destination.(Meals: B)