Whether you are looking for Classical Morocco Tour Packages for a family or a couple, whether you need escorted Classical Morocco Tour Packages for your parents or an offbeat Morocco vacation for yourself, We can help you sort out your Morocco trip plan.

 

Day 1: CASABLANCA – RABAT
Upon your arrival to Casablanca international Airport, you’ll be met by Zalagh Voyages representative. First, you will visit of Casablanca: the United Nations square, the Central market and the Mosque Hassan II. The afternoon is dedicated to the visit of the Méchouar, the ruins of Chellah, the Kasbah of Oudayas, the Hassan Tower and the Mausoleum of Mohamed V in Rabat.
Overnight at the hotel

Day 2: CHEFCHAOUEN
After breakfast, guests will be transferred to Chefchaouen, the enchanting blue and white city known
for its mosques and sanctuaries.
Overnight at the hotel.

Day 3: FES
Departure to Fes ,the spiritual capital of Morocco. The visit includes the two parts of the city: the new one and the Medina. The tour includes the Jewish and Arab districts, fountains, souks, medersas, the Karaouiyine university and the mausoleum of Moulay Idriss.
Overnight at the hotel

Day 4: FES-MEKNES-VOLUBILIS-MOULAY DRISS
After breakfast at the hotel, clients will be picked up by their driver for a transfer and guided tours of Meknes, Volubilis, and Moulay Idriss. Departure to Fez for an
overnight stay at the hotel.

Day 5: FES
Leisurely day in Fes. Unwind with a traditional Moroccan hammam for a rejuvenating experience amidst Fes’ timeless charm.

Day 6: MARRAKECH-AGAFAY
Embark on an exhilarating excursion into the serene Agafay Desert, immersing yourself in its tranquil
landscape. Experience traditional Berber hospitality under the vast desert sky, engaging in activities like thrilling quad biking adventures or the timeless charm of camel riding.

Day 7: MARAKKESH
Explore Marrakech, the “Red City,” filled with ancient red sandstone structures and a vibrant culture. Immerse yourself in its lively ambiance, filled with musicians, storytellers, and more.
Overnight at the hotel

Day 8: CASABLANCA
Departure to Casablanca Airport