Day 1
You will arrive at the Paro International Airport where we will greet you in a typical Bhutanese style. You will be driven to the capital town of Thimphu, which is a short one-hour drive. On the way, we will stop at the magnificent Tamchhog Lhakhang, the hereditary place of worship for Bhutan’s iron bridge builder. In Thimphu, we shall relax at the hotel for some time and then take a stroll in Thimphu town. Overnight in Thimphu.

 

Day 2
A day of sightseeing in Thimphu, where we will visit the National Memorial Chorten, the Tashichhodzong, and the and the breathtaking Buddha Point. Other places that you can choose to visit are Thimphu Zoo to see the magnificent takin, the National Textile Museum and the Folk Heritage Museum. Overnight in Thimphu.

 

Day 3
We will drive to Punakha in the morning. On the way, we will stop at the Dochula Pass, which offers one of the most beautiful views of Bhutanese landscape. In Punakha, we will visit the Punakha Dzong (fortress), Bhutanese architecture at its finest, and Chimi Lhakhang (Temple of Fertility), built in the 15th century by the ‘Divine Mad Man’ (Lama Drukpa Kuenley). Overnight in Punakha.

 

Day 4
We will continue our journey towards Central Bhutan. We will reach the sleepy town of Trongsa, the gateway to central Bhutan. In Trongsa, we will visit the majestic Trongsa Dzong, one of the largest in the country and of great historical significance. Then, we will visit the ancient Ta Dzong (watch tower) dedicated to the Royal Wangchuck dynasty. Then, we will drive to Bumthang, which is about 2-3 hours away. Overnight in Bumthang.

 

Day 5
A day of sightseeing in the fascinating valley of Bumthang, where we will visit important religious and historical sites including Jambay Lhakhang, Kurjey Lhakhang and Tamshing Lhakhang. We will also visit the Jakar Dzong (Bhutan’s largest) and the famous Swiss cheese factory. Overnight in Bumthang.

 

Day 6
Today will be a full day drive to Paro with sightseeing en-route. Overnight in Paro.

 

Day 7
We will hike up to the ‘Tiger’s Nest’, the sacred Taktshang monastery and have lunch at the Taktshang cafeteria overlooking the beautiful Paro valley. We will visit the Paro Rinpung Dzong (‘the fortress of the heap of jewels’) and the National Museum (Ta Dzong). Overnight in Paro.

 

Day 8
We will say good-bye to you at the Paro International Airport. Tashi Delek!