Day 1
You will arrive at the Paro International Airport where we will greet you in a typical Bhutanese style. You will be driven to the capital town of Thimphu, which is a short one-hour drive. On the way, we will stop at the magnificent Tamchhog Lhakhang, the hereditary place of worship for Bhutan’s iron bridge builder. In Thimphu, we shall relax at the hotel for some time and then take a stroll in Thimphu town. Overnight in Thimphu.

 

Day 2
A day of sightseeing in Thimphu, where we will visit the National Memorial Chorten, the Tashichhodzong, and the and the breathtaking Buddha Point. Other places that you can choose to visit are Thimphu Zoo to see the magnificent takin, the National Textile Museum and the Folk Heritage Museum. Overnight in Thimphu.

 

Day 3
We will drive to Punakha in the morning. On the way, we will stop at the Dochula Pass, which offers one of the most beautiful views of Bhutanese landscape. In Punakha, we will visit the Punakha Dzong (fortress), Bhutanese architecture at its finest, and Chimi Lhakhang (Temple of Fertility), built in the 15th century by the ‘Divine Mad Man’ (Lama Drukpa Kuenley). Overnight in Punakha.

 

Day 4
We will continue our journey towards Central Bhutan. We will drive to Phobjikha valley in the morning. Once at Phobjikha, we will walk/hike around the breathtaking valley that has been declared as the first eco-tourism destination of Bhutan. Overnight in Phobjikha.

 

Day 5
After spending the morning visiting the monasteries in Phobjikha, today will be a full day drive to Paro with sightseeing en-route. The evening can be spent visiting handicraft shops for souvenirs of your trip. You could also choose to visit a local farmhouse and drink tea with a local farmer and his family. Overnight in Paro.

 

Day 6
Today will be a full day of sightseeing in Paro. In the morning, we will visit the Paro Rinpung Dzong (‘the fortress of the heap of jewels’) and the National Museum (Ta Dzong). After lunch, we will visit the Drukgyel Dzong (‘fortress of victory’) and the sacred Kyichu Lhakhang. Overnight in Paro.

 

Day 7
We will hike up to the ‘Tiger’s Nest’, the sacred Taktshang monastery and have lunch at the Taktshang cafeteria overlooking the beautiful Paro valley. On the way back, we can visit the Dumtse Lhakhang, a temple built by Thangthong Gyalpo, the iron bridge builder. Overnight in Paro.

 

Day 8
We will say good-bye to you at the Paro International Airport. Tashi Delek!