Best of North East 06 Nights / 07 Days
2N Shillong – 2N Kaziranga – 2N Guwahati
Package Highlights
In Cherrapunjee, visit Seven Sister Falls, Nahkhalikai Falls, Mwasmai Cave, Koh Ram Hoh , Eco – park
Enroute visit Shillong peak and Elephanta Falls
In Guwahati, visit Kamakhya temple, Navagraha temple, Umananda temple, Balaji Temple, state Zoo.
Sightseeing tours by private air-conditioned vehicle
Start and End in Guwahati
ITINERARY
Day 01 – Arrive Guwahati – Shillong (110 kms /approx.3 hours)

Transfer from Guwahati airport/railway station to Shillong en route visit Umium Lake. Shillong became the first capital of the State of Meghalaya. Located in undulating pine covered hills, the city has a milder climate than tropical India. The city centre is 1496m above sea level and currently has a population of around 270,000. Home to several waterfalls, it is also known as theScotland of the East. The British legacy is still visible in the architecture and food habits of the population. Overnight at Shillong.

Day 02 –Shillong –Cherrapunjee –Shillong (60 kms / approx. 2 hourseach way)

Breakfast at the hotel and drive to Cherrapunjee. Cherrapunji inMeghalayais one of thewettest places on the planet and the only place in India to receive rain throughout the year. The town of Cherrapunji is nestled in the East Khasi Hills about 50 km southwest of the state’s capital,Shillong. Cherrapunji, also known as Sohra or Churra, means‘the land of oranges’. The cliffs of Cherrapunji also offer stunning views of the plains of Bangladesh. Visit to Arwah Cave, Nahkhalikai Falls, Mwasmai Cave, Seven Sister Falls, Dainthlen Waterfalls and Eco Park and Rama Krishna Mission Museum. Return back to Shillong, en-route visit Shillong Peak offers a birds eye view of the entire city and valley and Elephant Fallsis a mountain stream gorging down two successive falls set in dells of fern covered rocks. Overnight at Shillong.

Day 03 – Shillong –Kaziranga (320 kms / approx. 7 hours)

After breakfast drive from Shillongto Kaziranga. KazirangaNational park is a world heritage site famous for the Great Indian One Horned Rhinoceros. The landscape of Kaziranga is of sheer forest, tall elephant grass, rugged reeds, marshes and shallow pools. Kaziranga also has a good number of Tigers and is home to large breeding population of Elephants, Wild Water Buffalo and Swamp Deer. Overnight at hotel.

Day 04 – Kaziranga

Early morning elephant ride at the park & return to the hotel for breakfast. Later Jeep Safari in the Central range of the park. Overnight at hotel.

Day 05–Kaziranga – Guwahati (230 kms / approx. 4-5 hours)

After breakfast drive from Kaziranga to Guwahati. The gateway to the northeast and the largest and most cosmopolitan city in the region, Guwahati serves as the starting block for most Northeast itineraries. It’s a somewhat featureless city –a prosaic heap of glass and concrete for the most part –but there are a scattering of interesting temples to explore. Walk its back alleys and old quarters, however, and you will be able to salvage agenerous amount of local flavour that lingers amid its suburban sprawl of ponds, palm trees, small single-storey traditional houses and old colonial-era mansions. Overnight at hotel.

Day 06 – Guwahati

After breakfast visit Kamakhya temple – The temple is dedicated to goddess Kamakhya an incarnation of Sati. It is on Nilachal hill, says the Shiva Purana, that the yoni or creative organ of Sati fell when Vishnu, in a bid to save the world from the Shiva’s tandava nrittya or dance of destruction, cut her dead body into 51 pieces with his suddarshan chakra. Also visit Navagraha temple, Umananda temple, Balaji Temple, state Zoo. Overnight in Guwahati.

Day 07 – Departure Guwahati

After breakfast transfer to the airport/railway station in time for onward connection.