Shillong and Kaziranga National Park Tour Package: The astounding beautiful tourist destinations in Northeast India attract nature lovers and wildlife enthusiast to visit here for the short holiday as well as long holiday. The Kaziranga National Park is among the prime wildlife tourist spots in India. The natural habitat of the big wild animals like One-horned Rhino, Royal Bengal Tiger, Indian Elephant, Water Buffalo and Swamp Deer along with many other wild animals, the Jeep Safari and the Elephant Safari in Kaziranga will be an amazing experience. Shillong is known for its enriched pristine natural beauty. Our Shillong and Kaziranga National Park Tour Package offers you to explore the wildlife in Kaziranga and the picturesque beauty of Shillong at very reasonable tour cost. This tour package lets you enjoy the Jeep safari as well as elephant safari in the reserve forest of Kaziranga. The tour consists of 5 nights/ 6 days of excursion and covers major sightseeing in Kaziranga and Shillong.

A safari game drive
Kaziranga National Park sprawls along the floodplains on both sides of the Brahmaputra River. The Park is awash with vibrant landscapes of deciduous woodlands, peppered with immense expanses of savannah grasslands and river islands carved by the ever-changing course of the Brahmaputra River. Declared a sanctuary in 1916, the Park is dedicated to conservation and sustainable practices and boasts a wide variety of wildlife, birdlife and flora.

Morning and evening game drives through the Park are a veritable feast for the senses, featuring spectacular scenery and an orchestra of sounds. Game drives are led by experienced and trained guides who tailor each excursion to suit your preferences, whether it’s to view a certain animal, learn about the mannerisms of different species and their habitats or simply to enjoy the diverse landscape.

Home to many endangered and vulnerable wildlife and bird species, including the one-horned rhinoceros, as well as numerous globally threatened species of birds, the Park is also inhabited by Indian elephant, Asiatic water buffalo, barasingha (swamp deer) and the Bengal tiger. Massive droves of the pelican and rose-ringed parakeet can be found in the shallows and on tree branches, whilst the mighty crested serpent eagle and grey-headed fishing eagle soar through the clear skies in search of prey.

Duration           :  05 Nights / 06 Days
Destination      :  Shillong (03 Nts) & Kaziranga National Park (02 Nts)

 

Shillong and Kaziranga National Park Tour Package Itinerary
 

Day 01 Arrival Guwahati Airport (GAU) / Railway Station – Shillong

Guwahati (1148 Ft / 350 Mts)

Shillong (5002 Ft / 1525 Mts, 140 Kms / 03 to 04 Hrs drive approx)

Arrive Guwahati Airport (GAU) / Guwahati Railway Station (GHY) & transfer to Shillong. Enroute visit Umium Lake, a majestic placid lake with its surrounding sylvan hills. On arrival at Shillong, check in at your hotel. Overnight stay at Shillong.

 

Note: Sightseeing could only get incorporated if guest arrives in morning.

 

Day 02 Shillong – Excursion to Cherrapunjee – Shillong

Cherrapunjee(4690Ft / 1430 Mts,60Kms / 02to 03 Hrs drive approx oneway)

After breakfast, today go a day excursion to Cherrapunjee – the place on the earth. En route visit Elephant falls. At Cherrapunjee visit Garden of Caves, Arwah Cave / Mawsmai Cave, Seven Sisters Falls and Nohkalikai Falls. Later drive back to Shillong. Overnight in Shillong.

Note

Most of the waterfalls get dried up in winter.
 

Day 03 Shillong – Excursion to Mawlynnong – Dawki – Shillong

Mawllynnong (4906 Ft / 1496 Mts, 80 Kms / 03 to 04 Hrs drive approx oneway)

Dawki Lake (5904 Ft / 1800 Mts, 30 Kms / 01 to 02 Hrs drive approx)

 

Wake up early and have your breakfast and drive to Mawlynnong. Today you can explore the cleanest village Mawlynnong. Also visit Single living Root Bridge. (45 mins gradual walk downwards / 1 hour gradual walk upwards)

After lunch drive to Dawki. Dawki is the gateway to Bangladesh where major export and import transactions take place. It is a splendid drive of 30 kilometers passing through deep gorges and ravines, which is certainly a thrilling experience. On approaching Dawki is the Umngot River, The Umngot River is the natural boundary between Ri Pnar or Jaintia Hills with Hima Khyrim of Khasi hills over which a single span suspension bridge was constructed. Drive back to Shillong for overnight stay.

Note

Most of the waterfalls get dried up in winter.
 

Day 04 Shillong – Shillong Local sightseeing – Kaziranga

Kaziranga National Park (197 Ft/ 60 Mts, 240 Kms / 06 to 07 Hrs drive approx)

After breakfast visit Don Bosco Museum (Sunday Closed) & Ward’s Lake (Closed on Tuesday) and drive to Kaziranga. Upon arrival at Kaziranga, check in at hotel. Overnight stay at Kaziranga.

 

Kaziranga National Park:

In the heart of Assam, covering an area of 430 sq-kms, is inhabited by the world’s largest population of one-horned rhinoceroses, as well as many mammals, including tigers, elephants, panthers and bears, and thousands of birds. In 1985, it was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO for its unique natural environment.

 

Day 05 Kaziranga – Local Sightseeing – Kaziranga

Kaziranga National Park (197 Ft / 60 Mts)

After breakfast go for Optional: Elephant Ride / Jeep Safari (subjected to availability & operational condition) to one Range. After lunch go for Optional: Jeep Safari (subjected to availability & operational condition) to the other Range. Visit Kaziranga National Orchid And Biodiversity Park (Subjected to time availability & operational condition). Overnight at Kaziranga.

 

Optional:

For rate, kindly refer to Supplement & Optional Cost Column, given below the main package cost.
Entry ticket & Jeep safari are all regulated and controlled by the forest Dept. Govt. of Assam. We do not have any control on the booking of entry ticket & Jeep safari.
Elephant rides are conducted and controlled by the forest department. We cannot confirm the same in advance. The ticket counter for booking opens only in the evening, one day prior to the ride. Only after securing the tickets, we can confirm the ride for you.
If there is an increase in the cost for jungle activities by the Forest Department / hike in fuel price, then there will be supplement cost applicable on & above the quoted package cost.
 

Day 06 Kaziranga – Guwahati Airport (GAU) / Guwahati Railway Station (GHY)

Guwahati (1148 Ft / 350 Mts, 250 Kms / 05 to 06 Hrs drive approx)

After breakfast transfer to Guwahati Airport (GAU) / Guwahati Railway Station (GHY) for onwards connection.

 

THE COST INCLUDES

Meet & Greet upon arrival
Accommodation as per the itinerary, on specified plan on Twin Sharing Basis.
All applicable transfers & sightseeing by specified vehicle as per the itinerary only (on point to point basis).
 

THE COST DOES NOT INCLUDE 

Sightseeing entry fees, guide charge, Camera fee, river cruise, Kamakhya Temple entry, any up-gradation charges
Cost for Evening Snacks & Tea
Dawki Boat Ride.
Cost for service not mentioned under the “cost includes” heads.
Cost for airfare, train fare or any other internal fare.
Personal expenses such as laundry, soft drinks, mineral water, porter, tip etc.
Expenses incurred due to change in oil price, mishaps, landslide, strike, political unrest etc. In such case, extra will be charged as per actual which will be collected directly from the guest.
Difference in cost arising due to change in fuel price.
Difference in cost arising due to extra usage of vehicle other than scheduled mentioned in the itinerary.