Destination    :-         Shillong / Guwahati 

Duration            :-          3 N/ 4D

No Of Pax          :-         51 Adults – 2 FOC
Room                 :-          26  DBL  Room  + 1 Extra bed / Mattress
Meal Plan         :-          APAI 
Travel Date      :-         2nd or 3rd Week of MAY   -  2026 
Vehicle             :-          2 x  Non Ac 26 Seater TT + Innova ( Ac will not be work on hill area )  


Hotel To Be Used :-  3  Star  Deluxe    
2 N :- Shillong   :-    Saiom  / Similar 
1 N :- Guwahati :-    Pemaling Lords Eco Inn  /  Similar 

Net Package Cost Rs.15300/-  Per pax x  51     
Extra GST 5 %   



Note :-  Due to government regulations, no luggage carriers are allowed on vehicle roofs. From Jan 1st, the last row of all vehicles will be used for luggage storage. Please plan accordingly. Note that rates may be slightly higher due to reduced seating capacity. Thanks for your understanding .


Itinerary :-  
         
Day 01:-  Guwahati Airport / Rly Station to Shillong (Approx 100 Kms)
On arrival at Guwahati Airport / Railway Station & transfer to Shillong, which is also called the 'Scotland of the East". On the way visit the majestic Umiam Lake (Barapani). You may do the water sports here (Optional). On arrival at Shillong, check in at your hotel. Evening you can visit the Police Bazaar which is the biggest local market. Overnight stay at Shillong.
 

Day 02:-  Shillong to Cherrapunjee –(Approx 60 Kms) One way

After early breakfast, drive to Cherrapunjee (4,400 ft.), the wettest place in the world. You will see the beautiful waterfall known as Nohkalikai. You can also explore the caves known as Mawsmai. Evening return to Shillong, enroute visit Elephanta falls. Overnight stay at Shillong.
 

Day 03:-  Shillong to Guwahati - Sightseeing (Approx 100 Kms)

After breakfast check out from the hotel and visit Don Bosco Museum (Sunday Closed) & Ward’s Lake. After that drive to Guwahati. Arrive and check in at your hotel. In the evening we suggest an optional tour of Golden sunset cruise on the Brahmaputra (Direct Payment by own). Overnight stay at Guwahati.

Day 04:-  Guwahati Hotel to Guwahati Airport / Railway Station - Transfer
After breakfast visit Kamakhya Temple (Notes -Timing 08:00 A.M till 01:00 P.M & 3:00 P.M till it gets dark). Transfer to Guwahati Airport / Railway Station for your onward journey.


 Note: Temple visit will depend on your departure time. It may have been done the previous day.) 
 

COST INCLUDES 
Accommodation as mentioned in hotel 

Meal Plan    (  APAI - 3 B/F  + 3 Lunch   + 3 Dinner )  Only .

All hotel taxes (as per itinerary)



Rates are valid for INDIAN NATIONALS only. 
2 x 500 ml water bottles per pax per day  . 
2 Pax on a FOC basis. 
Gala Dinner  .

 
COST NOT INCLUDES  :- 

	Personal Expenses such as Laundry, telephone calls, tips & gratuity, mineral water, soft & hard drinks, porterage

	Additional sightseeing or extra usage of vehicle, other than mentioned in the itinerary

	Guide charges, Entry Fees & Camera Charges if any

	VIP Darshan in Kamakhya Temple

	Any cost arising due to natural calamities like cyclone, road blockage, political disturbances (strikes), etc (to be borne by the client and directly payable on the spot)