Every Dubai holiday package is a curated collection of experiences put together by the travel experts at HolidayMonk, who are themselves, seasoned travellers, having taken a Dubai holiday many times. This means that no one else can take you on a Dubai tour like HolidayMonk can. Furthermore, HolidayMonk understands that no two Dubai packages are alike and everyone has different expectations from a Dubai tour package. You, therefore, have the freedom to customize a Dubai holiday that checks all your boxes of things to do in Dubai. You can even book HolidayMonk Dubai trip packages offline.

Wherever you live in India, Dubai beckons as it enjoys direct connectivity with all the major cities of India like Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Bengaluru and Hyderabad. So, pack your bags and get ready for the ultimate desert vacation. Read on to find out more about your dream Dubai vacation. 

The Best Time to Visit Dubai
Winter, from November to April, is the best time to book your Dubai package with HolidayMonk. Dubai has two main seasons, summer and winter. Between May and October, the summer season takes over Dubai and the temperatures average between 24°C and 43°C. On the other hand, the winter temperatures are relatively pleasant and range between 19°C to 32°C, making it the ideal season for a Dubai holiday. Winter is also the season when Dubai receives most of its rainfall. These showers will make your Dubai tour a pleasant experience without hampering your Dubai sightseeing.

The temperate winter allows you to explore Dubai’s beaches and indulge in outdoor activities such as picnics, desert safaris and dune bashing during your Dubai vacation. The days see warm sunshine and bright blue skies while the evenings are fanned by the gentle desert winds. If you’re a shopaholic looking for amazing deals during your Dubai holiday, January and February are your months to visit Dubai. The Dubai Shopping Festival starts in January and continues into February and offers incredible deals, as much as a 75% discount, on electronics, jewellery, fashion and more.

Honeymoon in Dubai
Dubai is the perfect honeymoon destination for couples looking to honeymoon in fast-paced cosmopolitan cities with tons of excitement around every corner. When you book a Dubai tour package don’t forget to check out our offers for your dubai honeymoon, you book a trip to an exotic paradise that fuses its native Arabian traditions with all of the luxuries of the West. Dubai is a cultural melting pot where you can rub shoulders with people from all over the globe, not to mention enjoy a diverse medley of cuisines. Then, of course, there is the rugged beauty of the desert and the adventures you can experience during your Dubai tour, whether you plan on enjoying a day at the races or taking a desert safari to watch the exotic shimmy of a belly dancer. HolidayMonk gives offer on Dubai trip packages to guarantee your honeymoon lasts longer than the time you actually spend in Dubai thanks to all the memories you will create together.

During your romantic Dubai holiday, there are plenty of fun-filled activities to squeeze into your Dubai tour package ranging from shopping at the massive Dubai Mall to sailing along the Dubai Creek in a dhow whilst enjoying a romantic dinner and soaring up to the observation deck at the Burj Khalifa to add a spark of adventure to your marriage. 

How to Reach Dubai
The Dubai International Airport is a world-class terminal and the busiest one in all of UAE. It is well connected to almost all the major Indian cities such as Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, Bengaluru, Kolkata and Hyderabad making it an easy task to reach Dubai. You can easily get regular direct or connecting flights into Dubai from any of these cities. Some of the well-known airlines that operate flights to Dubai include Emirates, Etihad, FlyDubai, Air India, SpiceJet and IndiGo. Dubai’s airport sits 5 kms outside the city but is well connected with public transport.

If you cannot find a flight to Dubai, the next best option is to fly into Sharjah, which is Dubai’s closest neighbour. You will need a visa before you land in Dubai. Getting a UAE visa is easy, and you can get yours in 4-5 working days. However, if you hold a valid US, UK or Schengen visa, you do not need a separate visa for Dubai. All you must do is fill up a form after landing.

Local Transport Within Dubai
The public transportation system in Dubai – metro, buses, trams, abras, ferry, and water taxi – are managed by the RTA. The best part is that all these services use the same ticket type – the NOL card. You don’t need to worry about purchasing a different ticket for each service. You could alternatively rent a car to drive yourself around provided you possess the prerequisite driver’s license.

Places to Visit in Dubai
Starting out as a tiny fishing village, the emirate of Dubai has become the pearl of the Middle East. Your Dubai holiday is set against the backdrop of one of the most sought-after holiday destinations in the world. Therefore, your list of places to visit in Dubai must be suitably updated to reflect the best of its larger-than-life, world-class entertainment, its parks and resorts, its grand malls.

Here are the best places to visit in Dubai:

The Burj Khalifa – Tallest Building in Dubai
Dubai Mall – Biggest Mall in Dubai
Madinat Jumeirah
The Dubai Fountain – Magical Medley of Lights, Water & Sound
Mall of Emirates – Luxury Shopping Destination in Dubai
Dubai Aquarium   – Unique Underwater Zoo
Beaches in Dubai
JBR Open Beach
Umm Suqeim Beach
Kite Beach
Marina Beach
Jebel Ali Beach
The Burj Khalifa – Tallest Building in Dubai
Piercing the sky, the Burj Khalifa dominates Dubai’s landscape and is visible from miles around. The observation deck on the 124th floor opens to some of the most stunning vistas of Dubai and the desert around. It is said that you can watch the sunset twice in the same day at the Burj Khalifa! Take in the views as you enjoy a sundowner at the highest lounge on the planet located on the 154th floor. This is one experience in Dubai you should not miss.

Dubai Mall – Biggest Mall in Dubai
To call Dubai a shopper’s paradise would be quite an understatement. The retail experience in Dubai goes beyond just shopping. Not only do you enjoy amazing discounts, but you’re also a part of an extravaganza that knows how to pamper shoppers. The Dubai Mall, right next to the Burj Khalifa, is the best example of shopping indulgence. You will be spoilt for choice with more than 1,200 shops and 150 restaurants. It also houses an indoor theme park, the Dubai Aquarium and Underwater Zoo, an ice-skating rink and a majestic indoor waterfall. With so much to explore, you can easily spend one whole day at the Dubai Mall.

Madinat Jumeirah
If any place in Dubai is the seamless blend of the past and the present, it must be the Madinat Jumeirah. Its name translates as ‘City of Jumeirah’. This beautiful resort complex by the sea takes its design inspirations from the traditional strongholds of Dubai. It encloses a multitude of private enclaves and luxury hotels built in the traditional style but equipped with all the modern amenities. The best way to explore this luxurious complex is on a traditional wooden arba that takes you around at a leisurely pace. 

The Dubai Fountain – Magical Medley of Lights, Water & Sound
A captivating water, music and light spectacle in Downtown Dubai, The Dubai Fountain is the world’s tallest performing fountain. At over 900 ft in length – equivalent to over two football pitches – The Dubai Fountain is situated on the 30-acre Burj Lake and performs to a selection of different melodies. The fountain has a unique design comprising five circles of varying sizes and two arcs and features powerful water nozzles that shoot water up to impressive heights. When operational, the fountain has over 22,000 gallons of water in the air at any given moment.

Mall of Emirates – Luxury Shopping Destination in Dubai
The mall of the Emirates in Dubai is a must visit place on any Dubai tour . It offers multiple entertainment activities to tourists under one roof and is one of the largest malls in the world and has over 630 brands under one roof covering an area of 233,467 sqm. With many fascinating activities in one place such as Magic Planet, VOX Cinemas, Theatre of Rhodes, and the jaw-dropping Ski Dubai, visiting this mall during your Dubai holiday will never disappoint you. 

Dubai Aquarium – Unique Underwater Zoo
Dubai Aquarium & Underwater Zoo is home to thousands of aquatic animals, comprising over 140 species. Over 400 Sharks and Rays live in our 10 million litre tank, including Sand Tiger Sharks, Giant Groupers, and a host of other marine species. A series of animal encounters and diving experiences allows visitors to come face-to-face with the aquatic residents. From Small-clawed Asian Otters to Sharks and Rays, there are plenty of memorable moments to be had with your friends and family at Dubai Aquarium & Underwater Zoo during your Dubai holiday.

Beaches in Dubai
Dubai is well known as a luxury travel destination, but it is also home to miles and miles of pristine beaches with soft white sands and clear water. These beaches are located on the temperate, aquamarine-blue Persian Gulf that is known for its calm seas and beautiful weather. Make it a point to visit these 5 beaches in Dubai during your Dubai trip. 

JBR Open Beach
The biggest beach in Dubai, the massive JBR Open Beach has fluffy white sand and warm, beautiful turquoise waters. Here you can rent jet skis to zip across the waves and scooters to zip across the promenade that lines this beach. Make sure to check it our on your nest Dubai package.

Umm Suqeim Beach
For Insta-worthy pics of the sea with the Burj al Arab in the background, head to Umm Suqeim Beach. Also known as Sunset Beach this wide, flat beach is where the Burj is located. This beach is also one of the few surfing spots in Dubai. A must visit beach on your trip to Dubai.

Kite Beach
Kite Beach is very popular with Dubai’s foodies as many food trucks assemble here during the day and evening. Also, many little restaurants and cafés line Jumeirah Beach Road, which runs along this beach.

Marina Beach
For a luxurious beach experience, head to Marina beach. The Dubai Marina is a luxury residential area and Marina Beach is a section of sandy beach that runs parallel to it. It is a wide, beautiful beach with soft white sand. At Marina beach you’re also close to Restaurants, shops, little cafés, and ice-cream shops that line the promenade. Your Dubai holiday is incompletes without a trip to this luxury beach.

Jebel Ali Beach
Jebel Ali is about 30 minutes south of downtown Dubai and the emirate’s newest recreational zone. Home to the world’s largest man-made harbour, the area is home to many long, sandy beaches where you can find yourself virtually alone. Besides typical beach activities and water sports, Jebel Ali is a popular dive area. 

Foods to Eat in Dubai
From hearty and flavourful street food to decadent Michelin-starred creations, you can get it all in Dubai. The flavours of the city will infuse your heart with their sheer variety. Here are our picks of food that you should taste in Dubai.

Al Harees
Mehalabiya
Ghuzi
Stuffed Camel
Al Harees
This dish is a culinary delight that takes hours to make, with ingredients that are remarkably simple. This dish is a must try on your Dubai package. Nothing but salt is added to a pot of wheat and lamb or camel meat, and these are cooked until the texture is smooth and uniform. The resulting mixture slowly baked overnight. The result is nothing short of alchemy. In a land famed for the spice trade, Al Harees is a remarkably simple dish that will Bring delight to your palate during your Dubai trip.

Mehalabiya
This refreshing pudding is a hit with the kids. Be sure to try some during Your Trip to Dubai with your family. Mehalabiya’s is decadently flavoured with rosewater and pistachios and tastes like a cool, calm desert breeze. It is perfect for those who seek an after-dinner treat that isn’t too sweet. You cannot miss out on this luscious dessert on your Dubai holiday package.

Ghuzi
Also called khuzi, this dish consists of a whole-roasted lamb or goat served on kebab skewers with vegetables and hazelnuts over a bed of pilaf or fragrant rice. It is easily one of the most popular dishes in Dubai because it is considered a whole meal in itself. It’s also happens to be the national dish of the United Arab Emirates, which means any Dubai trip without ghuzi is an incomplete one.

Stuffed Camel
Named by the Guinness World Book of Records as the largest foods you can eat, a stuffed camel is one of the most opulent meals you can sit down to on your Dubai holiday.

Cooked on a spit and stuffed with chicken, eggs, fish and even whole sheep stuffed camel is considered a traditional food in Dubai, served at weddings and Bedouin feasts. This meal could very well be the highlight of your Dubai trip. You know, you need to try this on your Dubai holidays!

Best Restaurants in Dubai
The best restaurants in Dubai you can eat at during your Dubai holiday are:

La Petit Maison, Dubai – French/Italian
Zeng He, Dubai – Modern Chinese
Zuma Dubai – Japanese
For Indian cuisine on your next trip to Dubai you could visit:

India by Vineet
Carnival by Tresind
Basanti & Co.
Things to Do in Dubai
Dubai is one of those holiday destinations that does not let you sit still. Between its malls, theme parks and beaches, there are a range of activities that will keep you busy on your Dubai holiday. While most of the activities can be done without venturing outside, there are those that cannot be contained indoors. Here are our recommendations of things to do in Dubai.

Visit Ferrari World
Make a splash at Wild Wadi
Ride a Hot Air Balloon
Realize Your Bollywood Dreams in Dubai
Witness A Miracle in the Desert
Frame Your Dubai Holiday
Soar Over Dubai with a Zip line
Visit Ferrari World
Get fast and furious at this amusement park in Abu Dhabi. The first Ferrari branded theme park ever built it houses the Ferrari Karting Academy, The Ferrari Store, The Junior Grand Prix, The Mamma Rossella, the turbo Track, The Formula Rossa, The Flying Aces, and much more, Ferrari World has its own adventure to offer. The excitement and thrill you will experience on your Dubai packages with offers.

From the highest loop on the planet to the fastest rollercoaster in the world, twist and turn yourself upside down on these fantastic rides designed to let you have a thrilling experience. If you are thrilled by speed, this is going to be the highlight of your Dubai holiday. 

Make a splash at Wild Wadi
Wild Wadi Water Park in Dubai is world famous and features amongst the best outdoor water parks in West Asia. It also holds the distinction of having housed the largest water slide outside of North America. Taking a day trip to experience the rides, slides and many swimming pools is one of the best things to do in Dubai and guarantees to make your Dubai tour a whole lot cooler.

Ride a Hot Air Balloon
Soar over the mesmerising Dubai desert away and take a peaceful and relaxing ride in a hot air balloon while you can marvel at the stark landscape. 

Take in the hypnotic desert vistas as you soar over the dunes and the occasional oasis on your Dubai package and make it a complete trips. Each basket holds a maximum of 24 people and there’s plenty of room for you and your family. Don’t miss this wish to take a break from the fast paced city during your Dubai tour.

Realize Your Bollywood Dreams in Dubai
Bollywood Parks, Dubai is a larger than life interactive Bollywood theme park that brings alive the magic of Indian cinema and its popular characters while you hunt down Gabbar Singh with a 3D laser. Attend grand musical performances at the magnificent Rajmahal, and soar above the sky in the 4D theatre with ‘Krrish’ as all your Bollywood dreams become a reality.

Don’t miss the Bollywood Boulevard for some chaat and kulfis if you get homesick during your Dubai holiday. A true Bollywood fanatic would not miss this on his Dubai tour.

Witness A Miracle in the Desert
Dubai always finds ways to enchant you with its stunning architecture and splendid attractions. However, this whopping 72,000-sqm garden blooms with over 150 million flowers based installations takes the cake. The Miracle Garden hosts an award-winning life-size Airbus 380 made up of 500,000 flowers. It also has floral heart passages you can walk through and an 18-meter high Mickey Mouse for a grand photo op. This is one Dubai attraction that will turn your Dubai holiday into a journey for your soul.

Frame Your Dubai Holiday
Known amongst one of the tallest buildings in the world, Dubai Frame is quite literally a picture frame that has been visited by millions. Situated at a height of 150 metres, it offers beautiful views of the magnificent old and new Dubai, the glimmering water of the Gulf, and shimmer of the sands. A view that must be included on your Dubai tour.

Walking on the spectacular glass bridge, that connects the towers of the frame, gives the feeling of walking on air and is quite a thrilling experience and is one of the most unique things you can do during your Dubai holiday.

Soar Over Dubai with a Zip line
Get the best view in all of Dubai with the XLine at Dubai Marina, provided you stop screaming and keep your eyes open. This zipline is the world’s longest urban zipline that lets you see the Dubai Marina beachfront, snazzy high rises, and the vast expanses of the city cruising at a speed of 80 kmph.

You can experience this rush during your solo Dubai tour or in tandem i.e. along with a partner strapped to you.

Dubai Shopping Festival
The 29th edition of the Dubai Shopping Festival is all set to host visitors from across the globe for a shopping extravaganza!

Dubai exudes a different aura and energy during the shopping festival. It is more than just a shopping festival, it is an experience that stays with you for many years. The unique combination of cosmopolitan culture, magnificent skyscrapers, beautiful beaches, extravagant malls, and people from around the world, make Dubai during the shopping festival one of the best destinations in the world.

Shopping in Dubai
When it comes to shopping in Dubai, you will be spoilt for options. No surprise then that it is known as a shopper’s paradise. Home to the world’s largest shopping mall, The Dubai Mall, Dubai is not only about glamour and grandeur. Beneath the modern facade of the city lies an old-world charm of traditional souks where you can find everything from personalized perfumes to gold.

We have made a list of the must-buy things in Dubai so that you can shop without worry!

Gold Jewellery – The list of shopping in Dubai won’t be complete without it, as Dubai is known as the ‘City of Gold’. You can pick pretty gold pieces at a lower price compared to other parts of the globe. 
Arabic Attars and Oudh – Both Attars and Oudhs are renowned for their aromatic fragrance and are used widely by Arab men and women. Traditional Oudh has a very distinct smell and is slightly expensive, whereas Attars can be customized by blending scents of your choice.
Arabic Coffee and Kava Pots – Arabic coffee is pure coffee with a slightly bitter but refreshing taste. If you love coffee, this is one of the best things you can buy in Dubai. The pots are generally made of copper, and these can be used daily or as decorative pieces.
Arabian Dates – You will find a wide assortment of dates in Dubai. Taste and pick up the ones you like the most. Majdool, Shokari and Ajwa are very popular and tasty.  
Pashmina Shawls – Made from real goats’ hair and silk, the price tag is a little heavy on the pocket. You can always choose the viscose or silk versions for an alternative if you are on a budget. 
Persian Rugs – Persian rugs are known for their intricate designs and detailing. The pricing depends on the size, detailing and quality of the rugs. You can also find affordable options in the souk.
Spices – These are extremely flavourful and are sold at affordable prices in local markets. This is the best way to bring home some authentic Middle Eastern flavours.
Hookah Pipes – Even though you can find them everywhere, nothing beats the authentic Arab ones. There is a wide range of options to choose from, so be spoiled for choice till you find the perfect piece.
Arabic Lanterns and Lamps – They are known for their beautiful filigree work and intricate patterns. These lamps are made of glass and often ornamented with beautiful stonework.
Sweets – There are multiple options to choose from – Baklava, Maamoul and Knafeh, to name a few. These are a must-try when in Dubai.
Camel Milk Chocolate – This is one of the most delicious things you can bring back from Dubai. Initially only found in Dubai, now it is exported to other countries.  
Adventurous Things to Do in Dubai
Did you know that Dubai offers its fair share of thrills as well? There are multiple adventurous things to do in Dubai that you must experience while you are there. We offers to Dubai trip to enjoy adventurous activities in Dubai.

Here are few Adventurous things to do in Dubai.  

Dune Bashing – This is one of the most popular adventure activities in Dubai and also in demand with families as the minimum age limit is 3 years. You can get into an SUV or a Hummer and get driven around at high speeds while bashing the sand dunes. You can also combine this with a desert safari.
Sand boarding – It is similar to skiing but in a desert. It is fun to slide down through the sandy dunes of Dubai. It holds one of the top spots in Dubai adventure places. Minimum age limit is 13 years. 
Skydiving – Your Dubai trip is incomplete without watching The Palm Islands. What better to watch it than from an altitude of 14,000 feet above sea level. You will have an instructor with you throughout, so feel the adrenaline rushing while you fall at speeds of 200 kmph. Minimum age limit is 18 years. 
Shark Diving – Fascinated by sharks? Dubai Mall allows you to dive in with the sharks. This mall has a huge aquarium where shark diving takes place, and it’s an entirely safe experience to participate in. Minimum age limit is 10 years.
Zip lining – With the world’s longest zip-lining track, it is one of the extreme Dubai adventure places. Located at the height of 1800 feet, you get a panoramic view of the city while cruising at speeds of 60-70kmph. Minimum age limit is 10 years.  
Flyboarding – It is one of the unique and thrilling experiences in Dubai. Imagine flying over the water on a saddle attached to a water propulsion device. You can enjoy the landscape of Dubai while cruising at speeds of 40 kmph. 
Wakeboarding – This involves getting on a wakeboard and gliding through the water. The initial lift requires skills but is easily manageable once you are outside the water. Just maintain a straight posture and lean back while you are on it.   
There are many other activities that you can try in Dubai, such as deep-sea fishing, hot air balloon and Dubai helicopter tour, to name a few. There is something for everyone here! 

Best Places to Stay in Dubai
Dubai is a well-known luxury travel destination. With so many resorts in Dubai, there are countless options to choose from. There are multiple luxury hotel brands available, so choosing the best hotel in Dubai for your stay can be a task. We’ve made a list of the best hotels in Dubai to choose from, so you don’t have to wonder about where to stay in Dubai. Our offers on Dubai packages offering the best hotels, sightseeing and other activities.

Atlantis, The Palm – Nothing defines luxury the way Atlantis does, with signature underwater suites having glass walls. It is located on the top outer edge of the Palm Jumeirah, facing the Persian Gulf. Atlantis also has other attractions such as The Lost Chambers Aquarium, Dolphin Bay, and Aquaventure waterpark.   
Four Seasons Resort Dubai at Jumeirah Beach – Located on the shore of the Arabian Gulf, this resort provides the ultimate five-star experience. From beautiful sea-facing rooms and suites to a host of amenities, you can stay in luxury while indulging yourself in multiple activities.  
Burj Al Arab, Jumeirah – The only seven-star hotel in the world, this luxury resort has its peninsula near the Jumeirah beach. It has 201 duplex apartment suites that come with their private butlers. With multiple cuisines to choose from, this resort has nine restaurants run by the hotel’s Michelin-starred culinary team. When you leave the hotel, you can either drive or be driven in a supercar! 
Bulgari Resort Dubai – This resort in Jumeirah Bay Island belongs to the famous Italian jeweller. This embodies luxury, with only 101 rooms and 20 suites. They have their yacht club and marina.    
DoubleTree by Hilton Hotels Dubai – Situated right at the end of JBR’s The Walk shopping street, this high-rise resort has no regular rooms. They are all fully-furnished one, two or three-bedroom apartments with a kitchen and patio, making this one of the best hotels in Dubai for families. They have their own private beach, and the resort is very close to the metro station, which also makes it easy to explore the various tourist attractions. 
Sheraton Jumeirah Beach Resort – This mid-range beach resort is located very close to Hilton along JBR’s The Walk. They have a large beachfront area and also a huge garden. There are five on-site restaurants to choose from which serve a variety of cuisines such as Chinese, Italian and Middle Eastern. You can also enjoy your meal at the poolside/beachside cafe. 
