A Dubai luxury tour package for 4 nights and 5 days typically includes a mix of iconic landmarks, adventure activities, and luxury experiences. It could involve visiting the Burj Khalifa, exploring the Dubai Marina, taking a desert safari, and enjoying a luxury stay in a 5-star hotel. The price and specific inclusions can vary widely depending on the experiences and the level of luxury desired.

 

DAY 1 Arrive Dubai – Burj Khalifa – Dhow Cruise(D)

On arrival in Dubai, you will be met and transferred to your hotel by hotel shuttle service. The day is at leisure or enjoy a Visit to Burj Khalifa. Burj Khalifa is not only the tallest building in the World; it was also the venue for the filming of Mission Impossible 4 starring Tom Cruise. From the observation platform, you have a view far into the desert of Dubai, as well as the Palm Island and the Burj al Arab. In the evening we proceed for Dhow Cruise excursion with buffet dinner.

Overnight in Dubai.

DAY 2 Dubai – City tour – Desert Safari (B,D)

This morning, enjoy city tour of Dubai (on seat in coach basis). View the most magnificent Jumeirah Mosque The Jumeirah Public Beach, passing by Jumeirah Beach Hotel, Burj Al Arab, Dubai Museum and stop at the gold souk. We recommend you to visit the Dubai Mall one of the largest Mall in Bur Dubai or visit the Mall of Emirates for some great shopping. Later in evening, the enjoy excursion of Desert Safari, enjoy roller coaster ride on the sand dunes. Enjoy various activities like camel ride, henna painting and belly dance performance followed by BBQ dinner.

Overnight in Dubai.

DAY 3 DUBAI – ABU DHABI TOUR-FERRARI WORLD

This morning proceed for Abu Dhabi Tour – Abu Dhabi, the capital of United Arab Emirates is an enchanting city bustling with activity. Abu Dhabi is the abode of the Ruling Emirates Family and a hub of oil business. The city entertains visitors with its spectacular landmarks, modern architecture, alluring Shopping malls, the Old Souk, traditional crafts, carpets and much more. Start the tour with a visit to the Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque, a stunning masterpiece to the late Sheikh Zayed that houses the largest Iranian carpet and chandelier in the world. A visit to the Mina Zayed Port markets to include fish, dates and vegetable markets. Head towards the Heritage Village, a man made project that beautifully reflects and showcases traditional crafts and the reality of the lifestyle of a Bedouin Village. To end up the tour, drive past the iconic Emirates Palace (Outside view only).

Overnight in Dubai.

DAY 4 DUBAI – DOLPHIN SHOW – GLOBAL VILLAGE

Today after breakfast visit Dubai Dolphinarium– Dubai Dolphinarium is an amazing place, where you are guaranteed to meet some of the most beautiful animals that inhabit our oceans and have lots of fun with them. There are plenty of program and exciting interaction with the mammals happening at Dubai Dolphinarium. A great way to educate, entertain and learn for the young and the old. An unforgettable experience with the world’s most loved animals.

Later proceed to Global Village.

Overnight in Dubai.

DAY 5 Dubai (B)

Today check out by 12:00 hrs and rest of the day is at leisure. Later you will be transferred to the airport for your flight back home.

****END OF SERVICES****