Day 1: Arrive in Kathmandu
Upon arrival in Kathmandu Airport, you will be greeted and assistance by our Representative. After completing your custom formalities, transfer to Hotel for check-in. Late afternoon, visit Boudhanath Stupa, Evening, attend Aarati at Pashupatinath Temple. Drive back to Hotel. Overnight in Kathmandu Hotel.

Day 2 : Kathmandu – Drive to Pokhara
After breakfast, drive to Pokhara (about 210 km, 6/7 hrs). En-route visit Manakamana Temple by Cable Car. After puja / darshan, continue drive to Pokhara. Arrive in Pokhara. Transfer to Hotel. Overnight in Pokhara Hotel

Day 3 Pokhara
Early morning, sunrise and Himalayan view from Sarangkot hill (subject to weather condition). Next, visit Bindabasini Temple. Drive to Hotel for breakfast. Later, visit Devis fall, Gupteshwor Cave, Seti River and boat ride on Phewa Lake and visit Taal Barahi Temple. Rest of the day is free. Overnight in Pokhara Hotel.

Day 4  : Pokhara – Chitwan
Drive to Chitwan (about 160 km, 5 hrs drive). Arrive in Chitwan. Transfer to Hotel for check –in. Upon arrival, lunch will be served. After that, visit Tharu Village. Evening, sunset and Tharu Stick Dance. Overnight in Chitwan Hotel.

Day 5  Chitwan
Today, you will enjoy Jungle activities like, Elephant back safari, Elephant Breeding Center, Canoe ride on the Rapti River, Jungle Walk and Elephant bath (during summer season only). Overnight in Chitwan Hotel.

Day 6 Chitwan- Kathmandu
After breakfast, drive back to Kathmandu. Upon arrival in Kathmandu, visit Swoyambhunath Stupa (Monkey Temple) if time permits. Later, transfer to Hotel for check-in. Overnight in Kathmandu Hotel.

Day 7 Kathmandu – Sightseeing>
Breakfast is at Hotel. After breakfast, visit Kailashanth Mahadev Temple (World’s Tallest Shiva Statue). Next visit Bhaktapur Durbar Square and museum (shooting spot). Later, visit Jalanarayan Temple ( Sleeping Vishnu). Drive back to Hotel. Overnight is at Hotel in Kathmandu.

Day 8: Kathmandu – Departure
Breakfast is at Hotel. Free till departure. Later, on time, transfer to International Airport for onward destination.