Kailash Yatra by helicopter from Kathmandu
One of the toughest pilgrimage trails of the world due to the inhospitable conditions and high altitude travel, the helicopter yatra to Kailash Mansarovar from Kathmandu can possibly be a little more quick and comfortable. For those pilgrims who are not able to accomplish this expedition due to the presence of inadequate time can now be a part of this pilgrimage through a chartered helicopter ride that takes the pilgrims quickly to the Nepal-China border, minimizing the stress of long drives. The pilgrims will be travelling from Kathmandu to Simikot by scheduled flight and then from Simikot to China border by a Chartered Helicopter ride. Lake Mansarovar and Mount Kailash will remain only some short drive away from here.

 

Day 01: Arrival in Kathmandu
Upon arriving at the Kathmandu airport, you will be greeted by a representative who will assist you with your customs formalities and transfer you to your hotel for check-in. In the evening, you will visit the Pashupatinath Temple to witness the Arati darshan, and then retire for the night at your hotel.

Day 02: Pashupatinath sightseeing – Fly to Nepalgunj
The following day, after breakfast, you will spend the entire day sightseeing at the Pashupatinath
Temple. Later in the afternoon, you will fly to Nepalgunj, where you will spend the night at a hotel.

Day 03: Nepalgunj – Fly to Simikot
Elevation: 2800M
Post breakfast transferred to the domestic airport for a 50-minute flight to Simikot. Upon arriving in
Simikot, you will be picked up and transferred to your hotel to rest for the day and acclimatize to the
high altitude. You will spend the night in Simikot

Day 04: Simikot – Fly to Hilsa by Helicopter – Drive to Purang
Elevation: 3900M
The next day, after breakfast, you will take a helicopter ride to Hilsa, which has a weight limit of 15 kg
per person. Upon arriving in Hilsa, you will wait for other members of your group to arrive since it is
a group visa, and everyone must enter the Tibet side in one group. Once everyone has arrived, you will complete immigration and customs formalities in Nepal and China and continue driving to Purang, which takes around an hour. On the way, you will have to pass through two checkpoints, where the checking might take up to an hour each. You will then check in to your hotel in Purang and spend the night there.

Day 05: Purang – Drive to Lake Manasarovar
Elevation: 4590M
Post Breakfast you will drive to Rakshas Tal, which is around 70 km away and takes 1.5 hours. On the
way, you will pass through one checkpoint. Upon arriving at Rakshas Tal, you will see Gurla Mandhata Parvat and get your first view of Mt. Kailash’s south face and Manasarovar Lake. After a 25 km drive, you will reach Lake Manasarovar, where the rest of the day is free for spiritual activities such as pooja, havan worship, meditation, and holy bathing. You will spend the night in a lodge on the shores of Lake Manasarovar.

Day 06: Manasarovar – Drive to Darchen
Elevation: 4560M
Post breakfast, you will drive for an hour to Darchen, which is the base camp of Holy Mt. Kailash. The
rest of the day is free for acclimatization and preparation for the circuit (Parikrama). You will spend the night at a hotel in Darchen.

Day 07: Yama Dwar – Trek to Dirapuk
Elevation: 4790M
Post breakfast, you will drive 10 km to Tarboche (Yama Dwar), which is the starting point of Parikrama/Kora. From there, you will trek to Diraphuk, which is a 12 km (6/7 hours) trek across Mt.
Kailash’s west face. You will spend the night at a guesthouse in Dirapuk.

Day 08: Dirapuk – Trek to Zuthulphuk
Elevation: 4790M
Post breakfast you will walk for approximately 8 to 10 hours (Parikrama). Trekking up to Dolma La
Pass (5600 m) is the most challenging journey throughout the trip. You will offer very short prayers at
Dolma La and move towards Gaurikund. Then, you will trek to Zuthulphuk, which is 22 km away, and
spend the night at a guesthouse there.

Day 9: Zuthulphuk – Drive to Purang
Post breakfast, you will trek for around 8 km to reach the endpoint where jeeps will be waiting to drive you to Darchen, marking the end of Parikrama. After lunch, you will proceed to drive to Purang
via the Manasarovar Parikrama circuit and stay overnight at a guest house.

Day 10: Return to Kathmandu
Post breakfast, you will start your early morning drive to the Nepal border. From there, you will take
a helicopter flight to Simikot, followed by a connecting flight to Nepalgunj, and finally to Kathmandu,
where you will stay overnight at a hotel.

Day 11: Departure
Post breakfast, you will be transferred to the Tribhuvan International Airport for your departure flight
to your onward destination.