Basic Information about Kailash Yatra
Start Point: Kathmandu
End Point: Kathmandu
Max Altitude: 5600m
Altitude of Kailash Peak: 6714m
Best time to visit: May to September
Temperature: Max 20°C to Min –10°C
Altitude of Mansarovar Taal: 4590m
Kailash Parikrama: 52 km
Parikrama Of Mansarovar Taal: 105 km
Distance From Kathmandu: 1050 km (one way)
Climate: Unpredictable

 

What is Kailash Mansarovar?
India never fails to carry out long traditions, and so is the famous Kailash Mansarovar Yatra. Carried out for thousands of years, Kailash Mansarovar is the annual pilgrimage that tourists and locals take to attain ultimate salvation. You will find Hindus, Jains and Buddhists coming together to attain salvation.
This pious journey is for the divinity seekers, where pilgrims perform challenging to walk around the Mount Kailash base. It involves rigorous trekking at high altitudes under rugged terrain and extreme cold weather conditions. Pilgrims take this yatra to reach the heavenly abode of Lord Shiva. Our Kailash Mansarovar Yatra packages are perfectly planned to suit your need for an unforgettable Kailash Mansarovar Yatra.

Religious Significance of Kailash Mansarovar – Why and How It Is Important
Mount Kailash and Lake Mansarovar are sacred pilgrimage sites for four religious – Hinduism, Jainism, Buddhism and Bon. Located adjacent to each other, the lake and the area that surrounds the mountains are the source of four major rivers – Ganga, Sutlej, Brahmaputra, and Indus. People who stay here consider Mansarovar as their mother for her role in feeding them. Kailash is the abode of Lord Shiva – destroyer of evil and viewed as the father.

According to religious belief, Lord Shiva lived at the Mount Kailash summit, practicing yogic austerities.

The holy ritual of moving around this sacred area is 52 km circuit in order to attain salvation and is done in a clockwise direction by Hindus and Buddhists, while Bons and Jains do it counter-clockwise. This ritual is known as Parikrama or Kora and takes three days to complete it.

The most challenging and hard part of this Parikrama is crossing the famous Dolma-La Pass between two valleys. Yamasthal should be crossed to reach the Shivasthal. Pilgrims and tourists do holy offerings of old clothes, drops of blood and even strands of hair hoping Yamraja will accept these offerings and allow the pilgrims or Yatries born in spirit and cross the famous Dolma-La Pass. On the way, you will find Gauri Kund and Parvati-sthal. The Dolma-La Pass is filled with Tibetan flags.

What is So Special about Full Moon Night on Mount Kailash?
Adding beauty to your pilgrim is the full moon night. It is just majestic! Nothing can beat the beauty of the Lake under the full moon night. It is believed that a dip in Lake Mansarovar during full moon helps in washing away sins. Pilgrims or Yatries can actually feel the spiritual powers while you move around the lake in a ring on a full moon night. One can wash away the sins of seven past lives with a Parikrama, while 108 Parikramas offer oblivion or Nirvana or Moksha.

A lot of stories revolve around the significance of full moon on Mount Kailash. One such story tells Goddess Parvati, and Lord Shiva come alive on Full Moon night, but only a man with a pure heart will be able to witness this magical moment.

 

Detailed Itinerary
Day 01: Arrival in Kathmandu
Upon arrival in Kathmandu airport, our representative will meet and assist you. After completing your custom formalities, transfer to the hotel for check-in. Overnight stay at a hotel in Kathmandu.

Day 02: Sight-seeing of Pashupatinath and other temples
After breakfast, full day sightseeing of Pashupatinath Temple and Jal Narayan Temple (sleeping Vishnu). Later, drive back to the hotel for packing and preparation for the Kailash Yatra. Overnight stay at a hotel in Kathmandu.

Day 03: Transfer to Syabrubesi (2400 m)
After breakfast, drive around 152 km from Kathmandu to Syabrubesi (7 hours). Transfer to the hotel for check-in and overnight at the lodge.

Day 04: Drive to Kerung (26 km)
After breakfast, drive to Rasuwa Gadi (1 hour drive, 15 km). Following immigration and customs formalities on both sides (Nepal & China), we drive to the small town – Kerung. Overnight stay at the lodge in Kerung.

Day 05: Day at leisure for acclimatization
Rest day for altitude acclimatization at Kerung.

Day 06: Drive to Saga (4500m)
After breakfast, drive to Saga crossing Bramhaputra river (100 km, 4 hours). Arrive in Saga and transfer to the hotel for check-in. Overnight stay in Saga.

Day 07: Drive to Lake Mansarovar – 4590m (450 km)
After breakfast, drive towards Mansarovar. It is a very auspicious day for all people who will have a first glimpse of Holy Mansarovar and view of Mt. Kailash from Horchow Pass. Overnight stay at a lodge in Chu Gompa at the shore of lake Mansarovar.

Day 08: Drive from Mansarovar to Darchen
After breakfast, do parikrama of Mansarovar Lake by vehicle (102 km, 3 hours) and perform spiritual activities such as Puja, Havana worship, Meditation, Holy bath etc. Afternoon drive to Darchen – 4560m (30 km). Overnight stay at a simple lodge.

Day 09: Drive to Yama Dwar – Trek to Diraphuk
After breakfast, take a short drive to Yama Dwar. This is Kora’s starting point. We will trek to Diraphuk, which is a 12 km (6/7 hours) trek, crossing the west face of Mt. Kailash. You will visit the north face of Mt. Kailash and touch the feet of Mt. Kailash (Charan Sparsh – optional). Arrive in Diraphuk, then transfer to the guest house.

Day 10: Trek to Zuthulphuk (4790 m) – approx. 22km
Walk approximately 08 / 10 hours – Parikrama. Trek up to Dolma La pass (5600 m), it is the day every pilgrim talks about, the most difficult journey throughout the trip. We will offer very short prayers at Dolma La and move towards Gaurikund. Then trek to Zuthulphuk. Overnight stay at the guest house.

Day 11: Zuthulphuk to Saga via Mansarovar Horchu
After Breakfast, we will trek around 8 km. We will be reaching the point, where our jeeps will be waiting to drive us to Darchen, and Parikarma (circuit) ends. After lunch, we will drive to Saga via Mansarovar Horchu. Overnight stay at the guest house.

Day 12: Drive to Kerung
After breakfast drive to Kerung. Check-in and overnight stay at a simple lodge in Kerung.

Day 13: Return back to Kathmandu
After breakfast, drive to Rasuwa Gadi. Complete both Nepal and China’s immigration and customs formalities. Drive to Kathmandu via Syabrubesi. Arrive in Kathmandu and transfer to the hotel for check-in. Overnight in Kathmandu.

Day 14: Final departure
After breakfast, departure transfer to Tribhuvan International airport to connect your
onward journey.