 

SHORT OVERVIEW:

DAY 1	Tbilisi
DAY 2	Mtskheta / Stepantsminda
DAY 3	Juta / Mt. Chaukhebi
DAY 4	Sabertse Pass
DAY 5	Truso Valley
DAY 6	Gudauri / Khada Gorge
DAY 7	Tbilisi
DAY 8	Departure
 

DETAILED TOUR PROGRAM

 

Day 1: Arrival in Tbilisi

Arrival to Tbilisi, meet the guide. Transfer to the hotel and stay overnight in Tbilisi.

 

Day 2: Tbilisi – Mtskheta – Stepantsminda – Gveleti Waterfall – Stepantsminda

(↑↓300m, 1-2 hours, 4km)

In the morning we travel from Tbilisi to Mtskheta. Mtskheta is renowned for being the ancient capital and religious centre of Georgia.

Here we visit the UNESCO World Heritage Sites: Jvari Monastery built in the 6th century high up on the hill overlooking Mtskheta – from Jvari Monastery we have an amazing panoramic view of the city with the confluence of the Mtkvari and Aragvi rivers.

We move on to the beautiful 11th Century Cathedral which is reported to be the burial site of Christ’s mantle and one of the finest examples of ecclesiastical architecture in Georgia.

In the afternoon we follow the military road, which is one of the most spectacular routes in Georgia.

After arriving in Stepantsminda we will pass the Dariali gorge of dramatic beauty and walk to Gveleti waterfall.

The second day of the trip ends in Stepantsminda.

 

Day 3: Stepantsminda – Juta – Mt. Chaukhebi – Stepantsminda

(↑↓680m, 3-4 hours, 9km)

In the morning we drive through the beautiful Sno Valley to the village of Juta (2165 m).

This village amazes visitors with its ancient way of life preserved to this day. Surrounded by beautiful mountains, Juta is completely cut off from the rest of the country for six months.

From Juta we will start walking to the foot of Chaukhebi mountain (2550 m). While trekking we will pass the amazing wild nature and we will see the beautiful mountain Chaukhebi (3842 m).

Filled with amazing impressions, we return to the village of Juta with the same way.

In the evening we will stay in Stepantsminda.

 

Day 4: Stepantsminda – Gergeti – Sabertse Pass – Stepantsminda

(↑↓1200m, 5-6 hours, 14km)

In the morning we will explore Sabertse Pass. From Stepantsminda (1700 m.) drive to Gergeti Trinity Church (2170 m.). From the church we can enjoy beautiful views of Stepantsminda and the Great Caucasus Mountains.

We will leave the car in the parking area near the church and continue on foot to the pass. Sabertse Pass is located on the classic route of the glacier. This time we will only cross the pass. From here there is an amazing view of the Great Caucasus.

In the evening we return to Stepantsminda.

 

Day 5: Stepantsminda – Truso Valley – Gudauri

(↑ 350m ↓240m, 3 hours, 14km)

After breakfast, we will drive along the main road of the region and later we will start trekking in the virgin nature of Truso Valley.

We continue walking in the beautiful villages of the valley, where the ancient towers are preserved.

Abandoned and empty houses give us an idea of the real-life of this valley. Especially beautiful and impressive is the walk in the Truso Valley.

In the evening we will stay in Gudauri.

 

Day 6: Gudauri – Khada Gorge – Tbilisi

(↑100m ↓850m, 5-6 hours, 15km)

In the morning we will start pleasant trekking from Gudauri and find ourselves in the beautiful Khada gorge, which is surrounded by fascinating nature. The road will take us to the fifteenth-seventeenth-century small castle and shortly to a small river.

On the way, we will encounter acidic waters. While trekking in the beautiful nature, we follow the descent, which will eventually lead us to the village of Kvesheti.

Transport is waiting for us here, which will take us to Tbilisi.

 

Day 7: Tbilisi

Today we start our Tbilisi sightseeing tour to get acquainted with the city. Walking through the historical part of the city and enjoying the unique combination of cultures.

Meandering through the narrow streets of the city we will come-across various religious buildings: Churches, Synagogues, Mosques, Wooden houses built in the 19th century with colourful balconies, sulphur baths, the Narikala fortress.

The rest of the day is left for exploring Tbilisi further, tasting wine in one of the many wine-bars, and getting acquainted with Georgian cuisine in one of the many great restaurants in the city centre.

 

Day 8: Departure

Transfer to the airport and departure.