Georgia Tourism
There are a number of different Georgia Tourism Packages that can be purchased when you travel this area. The packages are full of different attractions and activities that are available in the city and in the surrounding areas. However, make sure that if you want to see certain attractions that you try to get the attractions switched around, if possible.

Georgia Tours are on one of the best ways to see the area and be able to learn and explore at the same time. There is so much to see and do around the area that it would be a shame to not learn about it. With the tours you will get a guide who will be able to explain everything to you.

There are many places to find a Georgia Tourism guide, but one of the best places is to get a guide from the company you are looking to purchase the tour through. The guide that they give you will have all of the pertinent information regarding the attractions that they offer in their tours. For more detailed information on this holiday destination, contact your travel operator and set off on a relaxation and adventurous trail!

Why should you visit Georgia?
Travel experiences can be powerful, for through them, we become inspired to take chances, to take action and to strive to live a better life. Georgia tourism has the power to give you a fresh perspective on life and to transform an ordinary vacation into an extraordinary adventure.

If you’re wondering just what Georgia is famous for, the answer is a long one, for while Georgia may be compact in size, it is packed with diverse and unforgettable experiences. Georgia is neither Europe nor Asia, but a splendid blend of both. Located at the crossroads of continents, civilizations, cultures, confessions, lifestyles and languages, the country of Georgia has somehow managed to forge and preserve its own authentic character through the centuries.

From the graceful Georgian script welcoming you at the border to the melodic sound of an unknown language whose meaning is conveyed to you through the warm smile of locals, it’s clear from the moment you step foot in the land that something magical awaits you. Like Alice in Wonderland, prepare to discover a country of legends, boisterous yet friendly people, deep-seated spirituality and hypnotic nature.

Surrounded by the high Caucasus Range, where the Greek god Prometheus was chained, you can retrace the romantic voyage of Jason and the Argonauts in their quest for the Golden Fleece. Take a reviving sulphur bath in capital city Tbilisi and feel the breath of the Black Sea at the ancient Roman port city of Batumi. Untangle the mystery of Svaneti, the Kingdom of a Thousand Towers, and sense the bravery and devotion of locals when visiting the fortified villages of Shatili and Mutso.

Start you mornings at ancient fortresses and cave towns before continuing to medieval cathedrals and monasteries. Witness the drama of Soviet times or learn about modern Georgia through glass homes and cutting-edge architecture. Feel the nation’s heartbeat in sweet, sacred songs and experience time stand still in the rhythmic flow of Georgian dances. Eat like a king at a traditional feast, allowing each sip of Georgian wine to dissipate your worries and remind you how to embrace the present.

Take a chance and come live life to the fullest in Georgia!

Is Georgia expensive to visit?
Traveling to Georgia can be expensive if you wish to jet about, stay in luxury hotels and eat in trendy restaurants. Thankfully, the most rewarding style of Georgia travel – living with local families or in small guesthouses, cooking delicious Georgian food, taking walking tours and public transportation – is also the most affordable.

Fly to Georgia on one of the cheaper airlines: Wizz Air flies to Kutaisi International Airport from Europe or Turkey, and Ryanair to Tbilisi International Airport from a number of European ports. Instead of airport taxis, hop on the bus where, along with saving extra money, you can interact with Georgian people and gather insiders’ tips for your upcoming travels.

Staying at local guesthouses, hostels and apartments is quite affordable, with prices starting at 10 USD for accommodation including a comfortable bed, generally central location and warm hospitality. Meals at small cafes cost anywhere from 3 USD, while purchasing groceries at small bakeries, shops and markets will allow you to save money while supporting local businesses.

Most museums offer detailed descriptions in English, along with free brochures. The Tourism Information Centers, located in almost every major city, offer free tourist maps of Georgia, informative brochures and friendly staff who can answer any questions you have and offer valuable suggestions for your travels.

Cities can be explored on foot or with public transport that is both cheap and comfortable. There are central bus stations in every city, from which you can catch onward transportation. Travel from Tbilisi to almost every in-country destination is possible by minibus or shared taxi, with prices starting from 5 USD.

English road signs and the free maps provided by the Tourism Information Centers will prove helpful in your independent travels. Should you still find yourself lost, most locals will be happy to give you directions or accompany you to your destination. Although few people will understand English in the smaller villages, many will nevertheless be happy to offer you a glass of wine and show you around their homeland!

With a little creativity and a sense of adventure, Georgia can be explored on almost any budget.

Is Georgia a safe country?
When choosing a travel destination, one of the first questions on many people’s minds is safety. Thankfully, Georgia is a safe destination for tourists, whether you’re a solo female traveller, a backpacker, an experienced digital nomad or a family with small children. Georgia tourism statistics indicate that since the mid-2000s, the number of tourists visiting Georgia and its Black Sea coastline has been increasing each year, and with this steady increase the country continues to take proactive steps in its fight against crime and corruption.

Georgia has one of the lowest crime rates in all of Europe. The World Economic Forum honored the country by ranking it 34th in terms of national security, and according to a 2023 travel advisory published by the US State Department, Georgia was declared among the safest countries in the world for US travelers.

Through the Covid -19 pandemic, Georgia has demonstrated its ability to deal with the crisis by managing to maintain one of the lowest numbers of cases in the world. The country is often referred to as a “heathy island” and considered a safe destination for travel by leading world health organizations. Additionally, most Georgian roads have been paved, the rail lines have been re-laid and traffic regulations are up-to-date. Police officers patrol the cities nonstop, particularly the tourist-heavy areas, to ensure safety and order.

If you cannot speak a word of Georgian, you’re in good company among most of its tourists. Thankfully, English can be found on most road signs, taxi apps, bus stops, metro announcements and restaurant menus. Most young people communicate quite well in English and will willingly teach you the most useful Georgian words and phrases.

What is the tourism like in Georgia?
Georgia is home to an eclectic mix of cultures, ethnicities and dialects sure to delight visitors with interests as diverse as the country itself. No matter your style of tourism, you can find it on the menu in this country of dramatic clouds, oversized snow-capped mountains, green forests and pristine rivers. Be forewarned, however, that it’s hard to pack the full experience which Georgia tourism offers into just one vacation, so you may well be inspired to start planning a second trip while still enjoying your first.

Cultural and Historical Tourism
Located at the crossroads of Western Asia, the Middle East and Eastern Europe, Georgia is an inspiring mix of diversity, rich history and breathtaking landscapes infused with towering Caucasus Mountains, romantic Black Sea beaches and fertile valleys blanketed in a pleasant Mediterranean climate. Against such a backdrop, cultural tours of every variety await the curious sojourner.

Vestiges of Georgia’s infant days are everywhere. Dig up early history at Dmanisi, an inconspicuous town inhabited by the first Europeans some 1.8 million years ago. Take a romantic trip with Argonauts, helping Jason in his quest for Medea and the Golden Fleece in the Colchis wonderland at Kutaisi, or revive pre-Christian belief at the pagan cave city of Uplistsikhe. 


