SHORT OVERVIEW:

DAY 1	Tbilisi
DAY 2	Tbilisi
DAY 3	Uplistsikhe / Gori
DAY 4	Borjomi / Akhaltsikhe
DAY 5	Vardzia
DAY 6	Akhaltsikhe
DAY 7	Tbilisi
DAY 8	Departure
 

PRICES & INCLUDED LIST: SEE LAST PAGE

 

DETAILED TOUR PROGRAM

 

Day 1: Arrival in Tbilisi

Arrival to Tbilisi and transfer to hotel.

 

Day 2: Tbilisi

Today we will walk through the historical streets of old Tbilisi and enjoying the unique combination of cultures.

Meandering through the narrow streets of the city we will come across various religious buildings: Churches, Synagogues, Mosques, wooden houses built in the 19th century with colourful balconies, sulphur baths, and the Narikala fortress.

Free time in the second half of the day. Overnight in Tbilisi.

 

Day 3: Tbilisi – Svetitskhoveli – Uplistsikhe – Gori

Bike riding: 61 km 6 hrs (↑640 m. ↓520 m)

In the morning, we drive to the ancient town of Mtskheta and visit the UNESCO World Heritage Site, the beautiful Svetitskhoveli Cathedral. After visiting Svetitskhoveli, we will adjust the bicycles and begin our 8 days cycling adventure.

We will cycle to the Uplistsikhe cave town. Visit Uplistsikhe cave town, which was connected to the Silk Road. Once the glorious castle-town is now an open-air museum and deservedly considered one of the most important tourist monuments in the country.

After Uplistsikhe, we will drive to Gori, check-in at the hotel. In our free time, we will be able to see the place, where Stalin was born. Overnight in Gori.

 

Day 4: Gori – Kintsvisi – Borjomi – Akhaltsikhe

Bike riding: 149 km 9 hrs (↑1290 m. ↓930 m)

In the morning, we will ride your bicycle to Kintsvisi Church, which is distinguished by it’s beautiful frescoes. After visiting this beautiful monastery, we will pass several churches and castles on the way and then, drive to Akhaltsikhe, the administrative center of Southern Georgia.

On the way, we will visit the town of Borjomi, which is hidden in the green. Borjomi is a famous balneological and climatic resort. While walking in Borjomi Central Park, we can taste the famous mineral water. Overnight in Akhaltsikhe.

 

Day 5: Akhaltsikhe – Vardzia

Bike riding: 65 km. 4 hrs. (↑870 m. ↓560 m)

Today, we will travel entirely by bicycle. We will start the journey relatively early in the morning as you have a long and tiring road ahead.

On the way, stop for Khertvisi Fortress and take a photo of this medieval defensive structure. Continue bike riding to Vardzia, check-in at the hotel, and prepare yourself for delicious lunch at a local family.

After some time, visit Vardzia Monastery Complex, which is the largest among the rock-carved cities in Georgia and can be easily seen from afar. Overnight in Vardzia.

 

Day 6: Vardzia – Akhalkalaki

Bike riding: 46 km. 4 hrs. (↑830 m ↓380 m)

Today, we travel entirely by bicycle. We will cycle to Akhalkalaki, which is located on a volcanic plateau.

In the afternoon, we will have free time to relax. Various masterclasses can be done if interested. Overnight in Akhalkalaki.

 

Day 7: Akhalkalaki – Tbilisi

Bike riding: 74 km. 4 hrs. (↑520 m ↓1700 m)

In the morning, we will drive to the largest lake of Georgia – Paravni, from where starts our bicycle trip to Tbilisi.

We will pass several lakes, where a delicious lunch will be served at the fish restaurant. Overnight in Tbilisi.

 

Day 8: Departure

Transfer to the airport and departure.