Chardham Tour Package
9 Nights and 10 Days
 

Detailed Itinerary
 

Day 01- Haridwar /Dehradun to Barkot (Approx 7 to 8 hrs )
Our representative will meet you at Haridwar railway station / Dehradun and drive to Barkot. Check into the hotel and in the evening have dinner and Overnight stay.

Day 02 Barkot to Yamunotri (Approx 2 to 3 hours, then 5 km Trek)

After breakfast, Drive to Jankichatti and then trek / palki / horse (your own expenses) for 06 km to reach Yamunotri. Visit the temple of Goddess Yamuna which is situated on the banks of the river. There is a hot water spring adjacent to this temple. The pilgrims take a holy dip in this spring before the darshan of the temple. You can also cook rice in these hot waters. After darshan return back to Jankichatti. Stay overnight at the Barkot hotel.

Day 03 Barkot to Uttarkashi (5 to 6 hrs.)
After Breakfast drive to Uttarkashi. You can visit the famous Vishwanath Temple. Dinner & overnight at the hotel.

Day 04- Uttarkashi to Gangotri – Uttarkashi (3.5 hrs)
After breakfast, proceed to Harsil. This is one of the most beautiful valleys in Uttarakhand. On the way we can halt at Gangnani which again has hot water springs. You can take a dip here. Then drive to Gangotri (22 kms/1 hr). Over here devotees take a holy dip in the Holy River of Hindus- The Ganges. It is also called Bhagirathi from where it originates. You can then perform pooja and enjoy the picturesque surroundings. In the evenings, back to Uttarkashi. Stay overnight at the hotel.

Day 05- Uttarkashi – Guptkashi (Approx 8 to 9 hrs)
After breakfast drive to Guptkashi , it will take full day to reach, in the evenings check into the hotel dinner and overnight stay.

Day 06 – Guptkashi – Kedarnath 23 km drive & 18 km trek
Post your early breakfast leave by vehicle for Gaurikund Then you can go Kedarnath Trek (If you take heli then you can opt Guptkashi helipad or Phata helipad). On arrival check in some rest and Holi vision to Lord Shiva After darshan and Pooja at Kedarnath Temple later back to hotel, dinner and Overnight Stay at Kedarnath /Sitapur.and if you will go kedarnath by helicopter then same day return in Guptkashi and have dinner overnight stay.

Day 07- Trek down to Guptkashi- 18 KM Trek (23 km Drive)
Wake up early in the morning and visit Morning aarti after completing the puja process, have breakfast checkout from the hotel and trek down to Gaurikund. Here will meet the driver and drive to Guptkashi , on arrival check in, some rest and evening visit Omkareswr Temple then back, have dinner & overnight stay.

Day 08– Guptkashi to Badrinath (Approx 6-7 hrs)
After breakfast checkout from Guptkashi and drive to famous hindus pilgrim place Badrinath Dham, via Rudraprayag Nandprayag, Karnprayag, Vishnu Prayag Badrinath Temple is dedicated to Lord Vishnu and it’s also called Bakunth of Kaliyuga, the temple is one of the Char Dham. Full day holy vision in Badrinath dham and participate Evening aarti then back to hotel have dinner overnight stay

Day 09: Badrinath then Rudraprayag – (5 to 6 Hrs.)
Wake up early morning and visit morning aarti and have breakfast and checkout from hotel and cover the local places like, Brahma kapal, Charan paduka, Narad kund, Vyas Gufa, Ganesh Gufa, Tapt Kund, Yogdhyan Badri Temple, , Mata Murti Temple etc then evening drive to Rudraprayag. On arrival check in some rest and have dinner overnight.

Day 10 – Rudraprayag to Haridwar Drop (5 to 6 hrs)
After breakfast checkout from Rudraprayag and drive to Haridwar. Then your own journey Towards the home with happy memories of the tour.