Kedarnath Yatra Tour Package – 3 Nights & 4 Days
 

Best Season Time to Visit: May- July / EX-Haridwar

One of the most revered temple destinations of India, Kedarnath town is nestled in the mighty Garhwal Himalayas. The town, built around the revered Kedarnath temple, is located at an altitude of 3,580 m, near Chorabari glacier, which is the source of the Mandakini river. Dedicated to Lord Shiva, the ancient temple has exquisite architecture and is built of extremely large but evenly shaped grey stone slabs. A conical rock formation inside the temple is worshipped as Lord Shiva in his “Sadashiva” form.  The Kedarnath temple, dedicated to Lord Shiva, is a part of Char Dham pilgrimage circuit, and is one of the 12 Jyotirlingas of Lord Shiva in India. Behind the Kedarnath temple, stand the Kedarnath peak, Kedar Dome and other Himalayan peaks.

 

TOUR ITINERARY (03 NIGHTS/04 DAYS)

Day 01	Haridwar – Guptkashi (203 kms/6-7hr)
Pickup from the Haridwar/Rishikesh/Dehradun railway station and drive to Guptkashi. On arrival check in to the hotel. Dinner and overnight stay in Guptkashi.
Day 02	Guptkashi – Sonprayag (30kms by road) – Gorikund – Kedarnath (14 km by Treek one side)
After breakfast, checkout from the hotel and drive to Sonprayag from Sonprayag drive to Gauri Kund by local transport at own cost.
On arrival in Gaurikund, the trek starts (14 Km) (can also use Poni, Ghori, Doli for trek by own cost). Upon reaching in Kedarnath premises, check in to the hotel for overnight stay. (In Kedarnath, hotel food will not be included in the package)

OR

Kedarnath By Helicopter 

After breakfast, drive to helipad. On arrival, after taking boarding passes, later fly to Kedarnath. After arrival in Kedarnath helipad, go to temple by walking. After darshan, check in to the hotel for overnight stay in Kedarnath.

Day 03	Kedarnath – Guptkashi (By Same route)
After early morning visit to Kedarnath temple, check out from the hotel and back to Sonprayag via Gaurikund by trek and from Sonprayag drive to Guptkashi by transport. Later, back to hotel for dinner and overnight stay in Guptlkashi.

Day 04	Guptkashi – Rishikesh – Haridwar/Rishikesh/Dehradun (201km/5-6 hr)
After breakfast, checkout from the hotel and drive to Haridwar. Enroute visit Rishikesh to see Ram Jhoola, Lakshman Jhoola, Parmarth Niketan and back to Haridwar for attending Ganga Aarti. Later, drop at Haridwar/Rishikesh railway station.
 

STANDARD HOTEL ACCOMMODATION: 

Guptkashi: (02 Nights) Hotel Amit Residency /Hotel Vijaya Palace/Hotel Veerbhadra/Hotel JPG Palace/Raj Palace Inn/similar

Kedarnath: (01 Night) Bombay House /Jhalaram House/GMVN/Agra Bhawan/Similar (EPAI)

DELUXE HOTEL ACCOMMODATION:

Guptkashi: (02 Nights) Navicrow Inn /Kedar Darshan /Hotel Kedar Valley/Hotel Mrituanjay Palace/Hotel New Bharat/Hotel Himalayan Orchid/Hotel Sun Inn/simliar

Kedarnath: (01 Night) Bikaner House/Gyatri Sadan/Punjab Sindh Awas/Simliar (EPAI)

LUXURY HOTEL ACCOMMODATION:

Guptkashi: (02 Nights) Villa Adya Resort/ The Village Retreat/Kedar River Retreat/Charmachan/Fyoli Resort/Buransh Resort/Similar

Kedarnath: (01 Night) Bikaner House/Gyatri Sadan/Punjab Sindh Awas/similar (EPAI)

PACKAGE COST INCLUSION

Pick up from Haridwar Railway Station and cover Kedarnath Destinations and back to Haridwar Railway Station.
Standard /Deluxe/ Luxury Hotel accommodation for 03 Nights / 04 Days with complimentary Breakfast and Dinner. (Except Kedarnath)
Kedarnath Stay will be EPAI Basis (Food will be directly basis)
Comfort vehicle for transfers & sightseeing. Vehicle will available to guest as per itinerary only.
All Toll, Parking, Driver Accommodation food and allowance.
All Basic Sight seen with Kedarnath Sector. 
PACKAGE COST EXCLUSION

Lunch, Evening snacks, Hi-Tea & GST 5%
Helicopter Ticket for Kedarnath Temple from Phata/ Guptkashi to Kedarnath
Breakfast & Dinner in Kedarnath Hotel.
Pony, Doli, Potter for Kedarnath Trek and Extra Sight seen during Kedarnath Yatra.
Special Pooja, VIP Darshan In Kedarnath Temple.
Any type of train and flight tickets.
Extra Sightseen (Neelkanth Temple, Lakhamandal, Triyoginarayan, Ukhimath, Kalimath, Chopta, Auli)
KEDARNATH YATRA SIGHT SEENING

Visit to Kedarnath ji.
Visit to Prayag (Deoprayag, Rudraprayag)
Visit to Rishikesh Sight seen (Ram Jhoola, Lakshman Jhoola and Parmarth Niketan)
 

CHECK LIST FOR THE CHARDHAM YATRA

Please carry a photo Id and proof of the address along with you.
Do carry sufficient light woolens from May to Aug and heavy woolens from Sept to Nov.
Carry good walking shoes: – canvas or sport shoes
If you wish you can carry dry eatables with you like biscuits, snacks and chocolates etc.
Always hire registered pony, Kandi and porter.
Move slowly and steadily and give the driver enough time for rest.
Please carry umbrella/ Rain coat and one torch.
Carry sufficient money to pay for your personal expenses.
It is advisable to carry your own personal medical kit.
Avoid carrying heavy jewelry during the Yatra.
Don’t use soap while bathing/ washing clothes in the river.
Don’t throw wrappers/poly bags on the road or in the forest during the journey.
Don’t carry poly bags as it is banned in Uttarakhand.