Uttarakhand Chardham Yatra Tour Package
11 NIGHTS/12 DAYS
Best Season Time to Visit: May- July / EX-Delhi
 

TOUR ITINERARY (11 NIGHTS/12 DAYS)

 	Day 1 Delhi-Haridwar (230 km/5-6hr)
Pickup from the Delhi railway station and Drive to Haridwar on arrival check in to the hotel and after refreshment visit Mansa Devi or Chandi Devi and in Evening attain holy Ganga Aarti in Har Ki Pauri ghat and later back to hotel dinner overnight stay in Haridwar.

 	Day 2 Haridwar – Barkot (180 kms/5-6 hr)
After breakfast check out from the hotel and drive to Barkot via visit Kempty Fall,outer Mussoorie and after that drive straight to Barkot on arrival check in to the hotel, after refreshment having dinner and overnight stay in Barkot.

 	Day 3 Barkot-Jankichatti –(50 km/01 hr) –Yamunotri (06 km Trek )-Back to Barkot same route
Morning after breakfast drive to Jankichatti by road and from Janki chatty start 6 km of trek for Yamunotri temple ( can use also potter, poni, ghori for the trek at own cost )after visit Yamunotri temple back to Jankichatti by trek and after that back to hotel by drive , taking dinner , overnight stay in Barkot.

 	Day 4 Barkot – Uttarkashi (100kms/4hr)
Morning after breakfast checkout from the hotel and Drive to Uttarkashi. Visit Vishwanath Temple & Others. Later Check in Hotel. Rest day at leisure. Night stay in Uttarkashi.
Uttarkashi: Situated at the bank of river Bhagirathi. The temple of Lord Vishwanath is located here where a massive iron trident is erected.

 	Day 5 Uttarkashi – Harsil -Gangotri (100kms/3-4 each side)-Back to Uttarkashi.
Morning after breakfast we proceed to Gangotri (3048 mts), enroute we enjoy picturesque Harsil village, Bhagirathi River and the most magnificent view of the Himalayas. After Gangotri Darshan we return to Uttarkashi. Oernight stay at Uttarkashi.

 	Day 6 Uttarkashi – Guptkashi (218 kms/7-8hr)
Morning after Breakfast checkout from the hotel and drive to straight to Guptkashi. on arrival Check in Hotel, night halt.
 	Day 7 Guptkashi –Sonprayag (30kms by road)-Gorikund- Kedarnath (14 km by Treek one side)
Morning after breakfast checkout from the hotel and drive to sonprayag from sonpryag drive to Gauri Kund by local transport at own cost, on arrival Gaurikund, Trek start from Gaurikund to Kedarnath (14 Km)(can also use poni, ghori, doli for trek by own cost). Reaching in Kedarnath premises , check in to the hotel and overnight stay in Hotel. ( In Kedarnath Hotel food will not include in the Package)
OR

Kedarnath By Helicopter

Morning after breakfast drive to Helipad on arrival, taking boarding passes and later fly for Kedarnath Helipad on arrival Kedarnath helipad go to temple by walk in after reaching check in to the hotel and overnight stay in Kedarnath .

 	Day 8 Kedarnath-Guptkashi (By Same route)
Early morning visit to Kedarnath Temple and check out from the hotel and back to sonprayag via gorikund by trek and From sonprayag drive to Guptkashi by cab , back to hotel and overnight stay in Guptlkashi.

 	Day 9 Guptkashi – Joshimath-Pandukeswar/Govindghat –Badrinath (218 kms/7-8hr)
Morning Breakfast check out from the hotel and drive to Badrinath via Joshimath and visit Narsingh Dev Temple after that back to Badrianth on arrival check in to the hotel after refreshment visit Badrivishal and dinner overnight stay in Badrianth.
 	Day 10 Badrinath – Panchprayag –Rudraprayag (155 km/5-6 hr)
Early morning, pilgrims after having a bath in the Taptkund have the Darshan of Badrivishal. Brahamakapal is significant for Pinddan Shraddh of ancestors (Pitrus). Later after breakfast checkout from the hotel and drive back to Srinagar via visit Panchprayag on arrival Srinagar Check in to the Hotel dinner overnight stay in Srinagar.
 	Day 11 Rudraprayag-Rishikesh– Haridwar (130km/3-4 hr)
Morning Breakfast checkout from the hotel and drive to Haridwar enroute visit Rishikesh Sight Seeing covering with Ram Jhula , Lakshman Jhula, Parmarth Niketan and back to haridwar attain Ganga Aarti and Check in to the hotel and dinner overnight stay in Haridwar.
 	Day 12 Haridwar-Delhi (240km/4-5hr)
Morning after Breakfast checkout from the hotel and drive to Delhi railway station/Airport drop