Valley of Flowers Trek, Uttarakhand
Valley of Flowers Group Package – Duration: 6 Days 5 Nights
 

Valley of Flowers Trek Highlight
A trek that walks you to a beautiful valley perched atop the Himalayan Mountains where a hundred-thousand variety of flowers bloom.
Also, gives you a chance to pay homage at the highest Sikh temple of India – Hemkund Sahib.
A chance to sleep among the blooming flowers at the most renowned UNESCO site – Valley of Flowers.
A tour of the last habited village during the blissful journey of Valley of Flowers – Village Ghangharia.
Activities: Trekking, Camping, Trekking on Glacier & Photography of Nature
Route: Haridwar – Joshimath – Govindghat – Ghangaria – Hemkund Sahib – Govindghat –
Joshimath – Haridwar
Holidays Theme: Trekking Tours in India

 

OVERVIEW
Among the many adventurous and extraordinary expeditions secretly hidden in the Himalayan Region of Uttarakhand, one such blissful journey is the trek to the Valley of flowers or ‘Phoolon ki Ghati’, where hundred-thousand species of flower bloom under the clear blue sky. The mesmerizing valley perched at an aerial altitude of 3,352 to 3,658 meters above sea level in the Chamoli district of Uttarakhand and has long been acknowledged as an inexplicable experience by some of the renowned mountaineers and botanists.

A very famous spiritual tale of Lord Hanuman bringing down this mountain as a medical aid for Lord Laxman during the war with Ravana also runs in the background as the hidden secret behind the spellbinding beauty of Valley of flowers. And just when you set your foot on its spiritual territory, you will also come to a divine realization about the premium aura that surrounds its region. At least, hundreds or maybe thousands of flower species bloom here like sedums, lilies, poppy, saxifrages, calendulas, geranium, daisies, zinnia, and even the rare variety like blue primula. The National Park also harbors rare wildlife species like the flying squirrel, gray langur, Himalayan weasel, black bear, red fox, etc. So, the trek to the Valley of flowers has always been regarded as the most beautiful journey hidden in Uttarakhand which not only makes you walk through a rich carpet of wildflowers but also lets you watch some rare animal species. The trek is most enjoyed during the months of June to September when the raining monsoon accentuates its beauty a thousand times. Our reputed team has been carrying out this experience for thousands of people every year so, read the below itinerary for more information.

 

Valley Of Flowers Trek, Uttarakhand Itinerary
 

Day 01 – Haridwar – Joshimath: 287 km, 8-9 Hours

As advised by the tour leader of this journey, you will report at the pre-decided spot in Haridwar and will be warmly greeted by our representative. After a brief introduction about the journey, you will hop on a traveler bus to leave for Joshimath which is about 287 km away from Haridwar and can be covered in 89 hours depending upon the sharp- cutting curves on the road.

Along this journey to Joshimath, you will make a brief stopover at Devprayag which is a holy site as per Hindu spirituality and where the river Bhagirathi conspire into river Alaknanda to later flow down as River Ganga. Later, you will enjoy an amazing road journey cutting through the deep edges of mountains and giving you some rare glimpses of the gorgeous landscapes of the Himalayan region.

Upon reaching Joshimath, you will check in to your Guesthouse and firmly enjoy the spiritual aura of this divine town established by the very famous sage – Adi Shankaracharya.

MEALS: Dinner.

 

Day 02 – Joshimath – Village Ghagharia: 26km Drive And 9 km Trek

After feasting on your breakfast, you will get ready to leave for Govindghat village which is about 26km away from Joshimath and can be covered in 2-3 hours. Govindghat is the base camp area for the Valley of flowers trek and is another celestial place located in the arms of the Himalayan Mountains. You will make a short lunch stopover at this place and feast on the local dishes while witnessing the spellbinding culture of Garhwal.

Later, you will harness your trekking backpacks and get ready to make your walk towards your destination. Today, you will only make a gradual ascend towards the last inhabited village in this region – Village Ghangharia which is about 9 km away from Govindghat. You will walk into the deep Himalayan region while making your way towards Ghangharia and also enjoy the swift jumps on the boulders lined along the river Lakshman Ganga.

After reaching village Ghangharia, you will get settled in your camping tents and retire for the night once you finish your dinner.

MEALS: Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner.

 

Day 03 – Village Ghagharia – A Short Excursion To Hemkund Sahib: 10 km Drive And 9 km Trek

After feasting on your breakfast early in the morning, you will get ready to walk to the highest Sikh temple of India – Hemkund Sahib today. For Hemkund Sahib, you will first make a drive of about 10 km to reach the last motorable region and you will get to witness a mesmerizing journey cutting through the snow-capped mountains of Uttarakhand.

After the road journey of 10km, you will once again harness your trekking backpacks and walk on a perfectly rock-leveled path to the spiritual temple of Hemkund Sahib. Hemkund Sahib holds a very spiritual and greatly revered abode of Guru Gobind Singh in the hearts of the Sikh community and largely registers a mass visitation every year. Once you pay homage inside the Hemkund Sahib, you can rest your worries while sitting beside the pristine lake harbored inside the temple arena.

Later, when you believe to have roamed around the vicinity of Hemkund Sahib and gathered every religious memory of this site, you will descend back to Village Ghangharia where you will enjoy another sleepover.

Note: In case the temple is closed, you will make this short excursion to Valley of Flowers that day and walk to the Hemkund Sahib the next day.

MEALS: Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner.

 

Day 04 – Village Ghangharia – Mesmerizing Walk To Valley Of Flowers: 4 km

After feasting on your breakfast, you will get ready to walk to the gorgeous Valley of Flowers which is about 4km away from this town and can be traced in about 2-3 hours of time. Only after walking down 3km of distance, you will enter into the deep vicinity of the Valley of flowers and start walking along the rock-leveled path lined by different species of flowers.

Once you finish your 4km of this trekking journey, you will enter into a region filled with verdant landscapes which are alone enough to melt your heart. You will enjoy a brief time cherishing the inexplicable beauty of this valley and gathering every inch of memory of the site blooming under thousands of species of flowers. You may also get a chance to watch some rare animal species during this journey and who knows you will catch a rare sight of flying squirrel, gray langur, Himalayan weasel, black bear, red fox, etc.

After cherishing every joyous moment of this trekking expedition, you will get ready to retrace your path back to the village of Ghangharia where you stay for another sleepover.

MEALS: Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner.

 

Day 05 – Village Ghagharia – Back To Joshimath: 9km Trek And 26 Km Drive

After feasting on your breakfast, you will get ready to say your goodbye to the amazing expedition and trek back to Govindghat which is about 9km away from Village Ghagharia and also enjoy a usual lunch stopover at this place where you enjoy some local cuisines with a gorgeous view of the snow-capped mountains.

From Govindghat, you will hop on a traveler bus and drive back to Joshimath which is only about 26km away from here, and once again, cherish every sweet moment of driving on the sharp-cutting roads of Uttarakhand. Upon reaching Joshimath, you will check in to your Guesthouse with a Govt. Id.

You can either enjoy a short trip through the town of Joshimath or retire for the day. Since Joshimath is a quaint little town but you can still explore some of the spiritual places like Shri Shankaracharya Math, Narsingh Temple, Bhavishya Badri, etc.

MEALS: Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner.

 

Day 06 – Joshimath – Back To Haridwar: 287 km

After feasting on your breakfast early in the morning, you will drive back to Haridwar which is about 287km away from Joshimath.

And make you witness the sharp-cutting road journey of Uttarakhand. Once you reach Haridwar, our representative will say goodbye to you and transfer you either to your hotel or Railway/Bus Station.

MEALS: Breakfast.

 