Exquisite Rajasthan – 5 Nights and 6 Days
UDAIPUR (2NIGHTS), JODHPUR (1NIGHT), JAISALMER (2NIGHTS)

DURATION : 5 NIGHTS/6 DAYS

Day 01 Arrive Udaipur
Arrive at Udaipur airport and transfer to the hotel. Udaipur, ‘the city of lakes’ is admired for its
fairy-tale palaces, lakes, temples, and gardens among many more. Evening at leisure. Overnight
stay at Udaipur.

Day 02 Udaipur
Breakfast at hotel. Morning city sight seeing tour. Built in 1559 A.D. by Maharaja Udai Singh, the
city has been described as the most romantic spot on the continent of India by Col. James Todd.
The places of interest include City Palace which has several carved balconies, arches and
decorated pillars, Zenana Mahal, Fateh Prakash, Durbar Hall and Shambhu Niwas. Also visit
Jagdish temple, Sahelion-ki-Bari (queen’s resort for the friends). Evening Motor launch
cruise(Cruise not included) on the placid waters of Lake Pichola. Overnight stay.

Day 03 Udaipur – Jodhpur
After Breakfast & check out from hotel & drive to Jodhpur. Arrive Jodhpur and check in at hotel.
Day at leisure and overnight stay.

Day 04 Jodhpur Sightseeing – Jaisalmer
Breakfast at hotel. Proceed for local city sight seeing tour. Jodhpur, stronghold of the fierce
Rathore clan, was founded in 1459 by Prince Jodha . Visit the Mehrangarh Fort, situated on a
low sandstone hill. Within the fort, visit Moti Mahal and Phool Mahal . Also visit Jaswant Thada ,
an imposing marble cenotaph, built in memory of Maharaja Jaswant singh II around 1899 and
Umaid Public gardens.
there after continue drive to Jaisalmer, the golden city of Rajasthan . Overnight at Jaisalmer.

Day 05 Jaisalmer
After breackfast proceed for sightseeing tour of The Golden City – Jaisalmer. Visit the 12th
century magnificent fort at Jaisalmer (This is the highlight of the tour). Also visit the beautifully
and magnificently carved Havelis of Salim Singh ki Haveli and Patwon ki Haveli and Gandhi
Sagar Tank, followed by a visit to the Barabagh Hill. Return back to hotel. Overnight stay.

Day 06 Jaisalmer
After breakfast check out from the hotel and drive to Jaisalmer Railway Station/Airport.