Majestic Rajasthan – 5 Nights and 6 Days
JAIPUR (1NIGHT), RANTHAMBORE (1 NIGHT), AGRA (2 NIGHTS), JAIPUR (1NIGHT)

DURATION : 5 NIGHTS/6 DAYS

Day 1: Arrival – Jaipur
You will be greeted upon arrival by our representative who will drive you to charming Pink City,
Jaipur offers a plethora of touristic attractions to the traveller. The City Palace in the heart of
Jaipur is known for its blend of Rajasthani and Mughal architecture. Jaipur- the fabled “pink city”
of the desert named after Jai Singh, the former Maharaja of Jaipur. This is the only city in the
world symbolizing the nine divisions of the universe through the nine rectangular sectors
subdividing it.
En route visit Fatehpur Sikri, the famous city of Mughal emperor Akbar.
In the evening, can enjoy Dinner at Chokhi Dhani Restaurant. (Ethnic Indian Restaurant serving
Vegetarian Rajasthani Cuisine). Overnight in Hotel

Day 2: Jaipur – Ranthambore
After breakfast in the morning drive to Ranthambore . Ranthambore is known all over for it’s
Ranthambore National Park that offers more opportunities of sighting of tigers and other fast
depleting animals. Enjoy an afternoon canter safari to spot tigers(at additional cost). Stay
overnight at hotel.

Day 3: Ranthambore – Agra
After Breakfast drive to another historical and romantic city – Agra. Enroute visit Fatehpur Sikri –
once the capital of Mughal Emperor Akbar. Also visit the Bulund Darwaza, the largest gateway in
the world. On arrival check-in to your hotel

Day 04: Agra
After Breakfast visit The world famous Taj Mahal – the most precious gift of love built by Emperor
Shah Jahan for his loving wife Mumtaz and Also visit the Marble inlay making factories to see
traditional workers making amazing marble crafts. Overnight stay at Agra.

Day 05 : Agra – Jaipur
After breakfast drive to Jaipur Arrive & Check into the hotel. Jaipur: Beautiful palaces, forts and
colourful bazaars speak of the pink city’s glorious regal past. Modernity walks hand-in-hand with
history in Jaipur. This largest city of Rajasthan, founded by Maharaja Sawai Jai Singh, is famous
for its magnanimous hospitality. Evening explore colorful local market. Overnight at Hotel.

Day 06 : Departure
After breakfast leave for the airport for your return journey back to your home.