Welcome to Azerbaijan! This is the Land of Fire and the Pearl of the Caucasus, a land where eastern colours combine magnificently with western progress. Azerbaijan is a country of unique nature, unmatched culture, centuries of history with its customs and traditions and fine cuisine; a place which will satisfy the expectations of the most sophisticated gastronomists, and finally, it is the country of Caucasian hospitality and friendliness.

 

Day 1: Arrival in Baku
Landing at the Baku International Airport
Clearing immigration and customs, collecting the baggage
Meeting with the company representative at the arrivals hall
Transfer to the hotel (duration: 30-35 minutes)
Arrival at the hotel, assistance with check-in process (registration time: 14:00-15:00)
Spare time for freshen up
Overnight in Baku

 

Day 2: Excursion through Baku (6 hours)
Sights: Palace of Shirvanshahs, Maiden Tower, Museum of Miniature Books, caravansaries, mosques, baths, Building of Baku City Executive Power, Governor’s Garden, Azerbaijan State Philharmonic Hall, Building of Heydar Aliyev Foundation, Baku Boulevard, Little Venice, International Mugam Center, Carpet Museum in the form of folded carpet, Baku Eye – Ferris Wheel, Crystal Hall, Government House, the symbols of modern Baku – truly iconic Flame Towers with interactive panels, Cultural Center, Congress Hall, Socar Tower, Azersu Building in the form of water droplet, Olympic Gymnastics Arena, Olympic Stadium, upland park – the spectacular place where you can enjoy an unsurpassed view of the city

 

Day 3: One-day trip to Shahdag Mountain Resort (10 hours)
Get warmer and be ready for real winter with full of entertainment – our today’s road leads to Shahdag that is a favorite place for active leisure fans. Surrounded by the Greater Caucasus, Shahdag Mountain Resort commands a stunning panorama, almost 2,500 meters above sea level. Majestic mountains, brightly shining sun, untold natural beauty –
this all can be felt here.

You can rent a ski or snowboard. Moreover, if you have not tried before to ski then this is the right time to challenge yourself. All slopes are equipped with modern lifts and the view from them is marvelous.
If you are not interested in skiing or snowboarding, there are plenty of other alternative activities such as snow-scooting, snowmobiling, tubing, zip-line, paintball, snow grooming machine tours, ice rink, shooting center, adventure park, horseback, riding, quad tours.
Moreover, taste delicious local food at the restaurants, relax in spa, and practice your winter photography and so on.

 

Day 4: Free day
Breakfast at the hotel
Free day in Baku that is an excellent opportunity to be acquainted with the country and its way of life, purchase
memorable gifts and souvenirs for your loved ones
Overnight in Baku

 

Day 5: Departure
Breakfast at the hotel
Time to enjoy the hotel facilities
Check-out formalities (standard time: 12:00)
Transfer to Baku International Airport (in case of late departure, suitcases can be left in the hotel)
Departure