Itinerary
Croatia Gems Tour Package
8 Nights and 9 Days
2N Zagreb | 1N Plitvice |1N Zadar |2N Split | 2N Dubrovnik
Whether you are looking for Croatia Gems Tour Package for a family or a couple, whether you need escorted Croatia tour packages for your parents or an offbeat Croatia vacation for yourself, We can help you sort out your Croatia trip plan.

Brief Itinerary
1	Arrive Zagreb	Arrival transfer | Walking Tour of Zagreb	
2	Zagreb	Day free | Day Trip to Slovenia (Optional)	
3	Zagreb –Plitvice	Enroute visit Plitvice National Park	425kms – 5hrs
4	Plitvice – Zadar	Walking tour of Zadar | Sunset Cruise (Optional)	150kms – 2hrs
5	Zadar – Split	Travel to Split | Walking Tour of Split	160kms – 2hrs
6	Split	Blue Lagoon – 3 Island Tour	
7	Split – Dubrovnik	Walking Tour of Dubrovnik with Cable Car	
8	Dubrovnik	Choose any one of the three tours; Day Trip to Bosnia & Herzegovina OR Montenegro OR Elaphiti Islands	
9	Depart Dubrovnik	Depart Dubrovnik	
 

Brief Itinerary

 

DAY 1	ARRIVE ZAGREB | WALKING TOUR OF ZAGREB
Welcome to Croatia!
On arrival at Zagreb Airport, you will be met and transferred to your hotel.

Zagreb, the capital of Croatia, is known for its historical museums and cultural events. It has many fine sights, plenty of restaurants, cafes and bars and lots of entertainment.

Enjoy your stay and explore the main spots on your guided walking tour of Zagreb with a scenic funicular ride.

Feel the pulse of the city and embrace all the charm Zagreb has to offer. Get acquainted with the past and the present that will show you the hidden gems of the Croatian capital. Discover Lower and Upper Town and experience the true stories that shaped Zagreb into the city it is today.

You have an opportunity to add in an optional activity like the Zagreb Eye Observation Deck. Enjoy panoramic views of the city from the Observation deck on the 16th floor of a skyscraper.

Overnight stay in ZAGREB Meal: –

DAY 2	ZAGREB | OPTIONAL DAY TRIP TO SLOVENIA
Spend the day at leisure on your own. We recommend you take an optional Day Trip to Ljubljana and Lake Bled OR Excursion to Varazdin and Trakoscan Castle.
Discover the gems of Slovenia on this exciting day trip from Zagreb. Start the day visiting the capital city of Ljubljana – an enchanting town. Continue with a getaway to the nature and enjoy mesmerizing views of Lake Bled and the castle of Bled. (NOTE: You need to be in possession of a multiple entry Schengen visa to visit Slovenia)

Overnight stay in ZAGREB Meal: Breakfast

DAY 3	ZAGREB –PLITVICE | VISIT PLITVICE NATIONAL PARK (425KMS – 5HRS)
This morning travel to Plitvice and check into your hotel.
Enjoy a tour of Plitvice National Park

Plitvice National Park is renowned for its dramatic waterfalls, glittering lakes, and lush forested cliffs. It is Croatia’s best-known national park and one of eight that is listed on the UNESCO list of World Heritage sites. The ticket offers you full access to the park’s hiking trails and boardwalks, a ride on the park’s panoramic train, shuttle buses between the Upper and Lower Lakes, and an electric boat cruise around Kozjak Lake.

Overnight stay in PLITVICE Meal: Breakfast

DAY 4	PLITVICE – ZADAR (150KMS – 2HRS) | WALKING TOUR OF ZADAR
This morning proceed to Zadar, a city of exceptional history and rich cultural heritage.
Later enjoy a guided walking tour of Zadar

During the walk you will see the Old City, stop by the Church of St. Donat that lies on the ancient Roman forum built from the 1st century BC to the 3rd century AD, Cathedral of St. Anastasia, Sea Gate, Land Gate, City Walls and the Square of Five Wells also included is free tasting of Maraschino liqueur and Pag cheese for you.

At the end of the tour you can take your time listening to the unique sound of the Sea organ.

Later this evening, we recommend you experience the most beautiful sunset in the world on an optional Romantic Sunset Cruise.

Overnight stay in ZADAR Meal: Breakfast

DAY 5	ZADAR – SPLIT (160KMS – 2HRS) | SPLIT WALKING TOUR
Today, continue your journey to Split, also known as a city of various events which makes it one of the most interesting and attractive cities to visit.
Later this evening, enjoy a guided walking tour of Split.

Discover the 1700-year-old Diocletian Palace in the modern city of Split. Unveil the hidden secrets and gain insight into this ancient city’s colorful past. Admire the famous landmarks such as the Catholic Cathedral of Saint Domnius, the Peristil, the Golden Gate and the statue of Gregory of Nin — a medieval Croatian bishop. Later, see 24-hour “sun” clock at the City Square and the Riva promenade.

Overnight stay in SPLIT Meal: Breakfast

DAY 6	SPLIT | BLUE LAGOON – 3 ISLAND TOUR
Today, set off on a relaxing and refreshing excursion to the Blue Lagoon – 3 Island Tour.
Enjoy panoramic views of Split and its surroundings as you travel by boat to the beautiful UNESCO protected world heritage town of Trogir. Get lost in its small stone streets and learn about the 4000 years old historical sites and monuments. Next, visit the Blue Lagoon by speedboat. Spend time swimming or snorkelling on small, hidden, untouched beaches, and take the opportunity to click amazing photographs. The last stop tour is the picture-perfect small island Šolta. Here, visit the fishing village of Stomorska and enjoy free time for swimming, relaxing and exploring this island.

UPGRADE YOUR TOUR: You have an opportunity to upgrade your Blue Lagoon tour to a full day Blue Cave Tour at an additional cost.

Explore some of the most beautiful Adriatic islands: Biševo, Vis, Pakleni islands, Hvar and Brač on a full day Blue Cave – 5 Island tour (weather permitting). Begin the tour with a visit to the Blue Cave – one of the most beautiful spots on the Adriatic. Arrive exactly when the sunlight reflects through the sea floor and bathes the entire cave in aquamarine light. Next, enjoy a small coffee break at Komiza, a fisherman’s village on the island of Vis. Stop briefly in the bay of Stiniva and enjoy swimming. Enroute, visit the small caves carved by the sea into the cliffs of island Vis. Arrive at Stončica bay, enjoy swimming and sun-bathing on the sandy beach. Enroute to beautiful island of Hvar, enjoy panoramic view of the Pakleni islands. Hvar town is one of the most beautiful harbors in the world, and a rich cultural heritage center as well. End your tour with a visit to the beautiful Brač island for swimming.

Overnight stay in SPLIT Meal: Breakfast

DAY 7	SPLIT – DUBROVNIK | WALKING TOUR OF DUBROVNIK
Check out and travel to Dubrovnik. which lies on the edge of the Adriatic Sea. It has been rightly nick named as the ‘The Pearl of the Adriatic’
Later, explore Dubrovnik on a guided walking tour and enjoy a Cable Car ride.

Explore around the Old Town discovering Dubrovnik’s past and present. Get mesmerised by architectural treasures, artistic intensity and its cultural opulence. Take the Dubrovnik Cable Car and enjoy breath taking views of the Old City and the Adriatic Sea from the top of the Srd Hill.

Overnight stay in DUBROVNIK Meal: Breakfast

DAY 8	DUBROVNIK | CHOICE OF ANY ONE OF THE THREE TOURS
Choose any one of the 3 tours. Day Trip to Bosnia & Herzegovina OR Montenegro OR Elaphiti Islands.
(NOTE: Guest travelling only on SIC will do the Dubrovnik Walking tour a day prior and, on this day, they will choose from any one of the below mentioned 3 options. Guests travelling on Private Tours will do the Dubrovnik Walking Tour and Cable Car on this day).

Spend a day exploring Bosnia and Herzegovina, visit the UNESCO-listed city of Mostar, a city with a rich history. See the Ottoman–era mosques and bathhouses; explore the cobbled stone streets and one of the wonders of the modern world, the spectacular Mostar Bridge.

OR Discover the beauty of Montenegro, exploring the coastal towns of Kotor and Budva. Cross the valleys of Dubrovacka and Konavle and discover the magnificent bay of Kotor. (NOTE: You need to be in possession of a multiple entry Schengen visa to visit Montenegro)

OR Set out to explore the sunny Elaphiti Islands, see the three most beautiful islands – Kolocep, Lopud and Sipan and enjoy a day swimming in crystal clear sea.

Overnight stay in DUBROVNIK Meal: Breakfast

DAY 9	DEPART DUBROVNIK
Your trip concludes with a departure transfer to Dubrovnik Airport. Thank you for visiting Croatia! We hope you have enjoyed your vacation and wish you a safe journey back home.
Meal: Breakfast

END OF SERVICES