SHORT OVERVIEW:

DAY 1	Tbilisi (GEO)
DAY 2	Tbilisi City Tour / Mtskheta (GEO)
DAY 3	Ananuri / Kazbegi (GEO)
DAY 4	Kakheti Wine Region (GEO)
DAY 5	Gori / Uplistsikhe (GEO)
DAY 6	Sevan / Yerevan (ARM)
DAY 7	Garni / Geghard (ARM)
DAY 8	Khor Virap / Noravank (ARM)
DAY 9	Yerevan / Tbilisi (GEO+ARM)
DAY 10	Departure (GEO)
 

PRICES & INCLUDED LIST: SEE LAST PAGE

 

DETAILED TOUR PROGRAM

 

Day 1: Arrival in Tbilisi

Arrival at Tbilisi Airport. Transfer to the hotel in Tbilisi.

 

Day 2: Tbilisi City Tour – Jvari – Mtskheta – Tbilisi

After breakfast, we will embark on Tbilisi. Start at Metekhi Сhurch and the monument to Vakhtang Gorgasali, the legendary founder of Tbilisi. Visit Narikala Fortress to enjoy a breathtaking panoramic view of the city. Walk down to the district of sulphur bath houses and pass by the only mosque in Tbilisi. Walk down to the district of sulphur bath houses and pass by the only mosque in Tbilisi. Stroll through the Sharden area, full of narrow streets with cozy cafés, wine tasting bars, and souvenir shops, and breathe in the history of Old Tbilisi. Also visit Sioni Cathedral, Anchiskhati Basilica, and the famous Rezo Gabriadze Theatre’s clock tower, before crossing the Bridge of Peace to Rike Park. Our next stop will be at Jvari Church which stands atop a rocky cliff, looking down upon Mtskheta like a stoic guardian. Enjoy the views of the confluence of the Aragvi and Mtkvari Rivers. Our next stop is Mtskheta. In ancient times, it was the capital of Georgia, and now it is a cozy town with a renovated European-style center. Here you can buy delicious churchkhela and other traditional sweets. Visit Svetitskhoveli Cathedral, one of the most venerated churches in the country which is known as the burial site of Christ’s robe. Today Svetitskhoveli Cathedral is the second largest church in Georgia and its principal house of worship

Overnight in Tbilisi.

 

Day 3: Tbilisi – Ananuri – Jinvali – Gudauri – Kazbegi – Tbilisi

Breakfast. After the hotel breakfast, drive to the direction of Gudauri. On the way visiting Ananuri Fortress which is located directly on the Georgian Military Road. Ananuri was also a former residence of Argveti Dukes, which features churches and towers dating back to the 16th and 17th centuries. Jinvali Reservoir is one of the most beautiful places in Georgia. The lake is surrounded on all sides by green mountains covered with deciduous and pine forests. The most convenient way to admire the views of Jinvali reservoir is from Ananuri Castle. Continue driving towards Gudauri. Stop near The Arch of Friendship for photo shooting. The monument was built together with an observation deck back in 1983 in the name of friendship between the Russian and Georgian peoples. Continue the way to Kazbegi. 4×4 vehicle trip to Gergeti Trinity church. Come back to Tbilisi stay overnight.

 

Day 4: Tbilisi – Nekresi – Alaverdi – Kindzmarauli Factory – Tbilisi

Breakfast. In the morning depart towards Kakheti region which is famous for its wine production. Drive to Kakteti via beautiful Gombori pass, which offers you the shortest and picturesque way to the heart of Kakheti, the city of Telavi. Gombori road is spectacular at any time of year.

Our first stop is Nekresi Monastery which is standing on a hill and facing a beautiful view of the Alazani Valley. The monastery complex of Nekresi unites several monuments of Georgian architecture, among which there are three churches. Next stop is Alaverdi – one of the most impressive cultural monuments in all of Georgia. Built as a royal monastery in the 11th century alongside such famous works as Bagrati Cathedral in Kutaisi, Svetitskhoveli in Mtskheta it is a fantastic example of Georgian religious architecture.

After we will have Wine degustation in Kindzmarauri factory in Kvareli – one of the most beautiful towns in Kakheti region. The fortress’s wine cellar produced wine and molasses exclusively for the royal families for much of its history. We are finishing this trip with Sighnaghi sightseeing. The town is located in the eastern part of Kakheti, and is known as the City of Love. The town sits atop a bluff overlooking the Alazani Valley, which is one of Georgia’s most famous wine-producing regions.

Drive back to Tbilisi for overnight.

 

Day 5: Tbilisi – Gori – Uplistsikhe Cave Town – Tbilisi

Breakfast. Drive to the direction of Kutaisi. Visiting Stalin Museum which is located in Gori, in the town where Stalin was born. The complex of the museum was opened in 1957 and includes the memorial house, Stalin’s carriage, and the two-storied exhibition building, memorial things, presents, canvases, photo and film documents are gathered in the museum.

Our next station is Uplitsikhe cave which, literally ‘Fortress of God’, is an ancient rock-hewn town which played a significant role in Georgian history over a period of approximately 3,000 years. No more than 150 caves have survived from the huge settlement, where the number of grottoes carved into the rock once exceeded 700. Uplistsikhe is remarkable for the unique combination of styles from rock-cut cultures of the region.

Drive back to Tbilisi for overnight.

 

Day 6: Tbilisi – Georgia-Armenia border – Hagarcin – Sevan – Yerevan

After breakfast drive to the direction of Georgia-Armenia border. On the way to Yerevan visiting Hagarcin Monastery – which is located 18 kilometers from Dilijan, far from populated areas, among dense forests and magnificent mountain landscapes. The name of the monastery from Armenian is translated as “games of eagles”. The image of this proud bird can often be seen on the walls of Hagarcin. Our next stop is lake Sevan sightseeing – Set 1900m above sea level it’s the largest lake in the Caucasus and one of the largest freshwater high-altitude lakes in the world. Its colors and shades change with the weather, forming dazzling azure to dark blue hues, and a thousand shades in between. Savanavak – In the northwest part of Sevan Lake, on a narrow rocky peninsula, there stands one of the most prominent examples of medieval Armenian architecture – Sevanavank Monastery. Today the two black temples of Sevan stand deserted like two guards of this ancient lake. The view from there is simply magnificent: the mountains surround lake from all sides and snow tops are seen almost on the entire perimeter and disappear behind horizon. And behind the horizon of the dark blue open water space shrouded in fog are the green mountain slopes whose tops are covered with snow even in summer. Arrival in Yerevan and overnight.

 

Day 7: Yerevan – Garni Temple – Geghard Monastery

Breakfast. Visiting Garni temple, which towers over a triangular cape, is the unique survived example of heathen culture in Armenia. It is a blend of Greco-Roman and Armenian styles. According to the research of some historians, the temple was created by the Armenian king Trdat I, who ruled in the second half of the 1st century and dedicated it to the Armenian God of Sun – Mihr. After adopting Christianity in 301, the pagan temple lost its significance and the fortress of Garni became the summer residence of the kings. Nowadays the ruins of the royal palace and the bathroom with a stunning mosaic work can be found near the temple. The temple is loved by both local and guests, because the temple is not like other religious monuments in Armenia, and when you are closer, it seems that you are in little Greece with an Armenian spirit.

Our next stop is the monastery of Geghard or Gegardavank which is located in a gorge between high suspended rocks, between mountains covered with thick forests. The monastery itself and its cells are carved into the rock and contains a number of churches and tombs, most of them cut into the rock, which illustrate the very peak of Armenian medieval architecture. Drive back to Yerevan.

 

Day 8: Yerevan-Khor Virap – Noravank Monastery – Areni Winery – Yerevan

Breakfast. Visiting Khor Virap (Khor means deep, Virap – pit, dungeon) – one of the Armenian shrines, which in ancient times was a famous place of pilgrimage. However, Khor Virap is important for Armenians not only for its connection with Christianity: the monastery is closely associated with the symbol of Armenia. It is from here that the unimaginable view of Mount Ararat opens. Due to circumstances, the symbol of Armenia Ararat today is not in its historic homeland, but in Turkey, and the monastery of Khor Virap is 40 km away from the mountain and from the Turkish border. If you look closely, you can see the border posts of Turkey. The beautiful Noravank Monastery (“Nor” – new, “vank” – monastery) was built in the 13th century and stands majestically in the gorge of the river Arpa, and in the gorge, makes the view even more impressive. The spare lines of the church contrast beautifully with the sharp red rock cliffs, and the dramatic scenery is one of the best reasons to visit Noravank. And our last activity is wine degustation in Areni winery.

Drive back to Yerevan for overnight.

 

Day 9: Yerevan – Transfer to Tbilisi

Breakfast. Yerevan sightseeing’s: Yerevan or the so-called “City of the Sun and Light” is the capital city of Armenia, one of the most ancient and lively cities in the world. The capital city is a major tourist destination thanks to its numerous landmarks, extensive nightlife, great museums and lovely parks. One of the truly magnificent sights is Republic Square with musical fountains: from early May till mid-autumn there is a fantastic singing-dancing fountains show, accompanied by some great music of various genres. Another sight not to be missed is Cascade Complex, a massive staircase that connects the upper and lower parts of the city and features an array of statues crafted by renowned artists. Lots of sidewalk cafes, restaurants, and beautiful artwork make this place a favorite spot for locals.

Transfer to Armenia-Georgia border. Overnight in Tbilisi.

 

Day 10: Departure

Check-out from the hotel. Transfer to Tbilisi International Airport. End of the tour.