Itinerary
6 DAYS INDIAN BUTTERFLY OF TURKEY TOUR ITINERARY:
If you are looking Turkey tour with Indian meals including Jain, Veg and Non Veg, than this tour will be perfect for you in Turkey, covering Istanbul – Kusadasi – Ephesus – Pamukkale and back to Istanbul by domestic flight .This an exquisite tour for you with all the bells and whistles. There are no long bus rides just domestic flights getting you to your destination comfortable and relaxed.

MEALS: Full Board as mentioned in the itinerary.
TOUR ROUTE: Istanbul – Kusadasi – Ephesus – Pamukkale and domestic flight back to Istanbul

Day 1 – Istanbul – Arrival Day – Saturday
(Indian Dinner included)
Meet at the airport Transfer to your hotel. You will be given your room key and the rest of the day is yours to explore Istanbul. Evening we have Indian Dinner. Overnight in Istanbul.

Day 2 – Istanbul City Tour – Sunday
(Breakfast, Indian Lunch and Indian Dinner included)
We depart from the hotel at 08:30am for the Istanbul City Tour. “TOPKAPI PALACE” The great palace of the Ottoman sultans from the 15th to the 19th centuries. The palace houses an exquisite collection of crystal, silver, and Chinese porcelain. Robes worn by the sultans and their families, the famous jewels of the Imperial Treasury, miniatures, and the Holy Mantle; enshrining relics of the Prophet Mohammed. Next on the list is the “SULTANAHMET IMPERIAL MOSQUE” Across from St. Sophia built in the 16th century by the architect Mehmet, is known as the “BLUE MOSQUE” because of its magnificent interior decoration of blue Iznik tiles. Outside the Blue Mosque we find the “HIPPODROME”. The Ancient Hippodrome was the scene of chariot races and entertainment. The Hippodrome comprises of three monuments; the Obelisk of Theodosius, the bronze Serpentine Column and the Column of Constantine. After a short enjoyable lunch break we head to the Grand Spice Bazaar for shopping. After the shopping tour come back to Hotel. Dinner at the Indian Restaurant. Overnight in Istanbul.

Day 3 – Istanbul Bosphorus Cruise and Flight to Izmir / Kusadasi – Monday
(Breakfast, Indian Lunch and Indian Dinner included)
After breakfast depart for Bosphorus Cruise tour. Enjoy a magical Istanbul Bosphorus Cruise and Spice Market Tour starting at 08:30. Enjoy the array of sites you can see from the boat including: SPICE BAZAAR (Egyptian Bazaar). BOSPHORUS BY BOAT a traditional excursion by boat along the waterway separating Europe and Asia. Lunch break at the Turkish restaurant. After the lunch depart for Istanbul Ataturk airport for domestic flight to Izmir. Transfer from airport and check in to your hotel in Kusadasi. Dinner and overnight in Kusadasi.

Day 4 – Kusadasi – Ephesus Tour – Turkish Village Sirince – Tuesday
(Breakfast, Indian Style Turkish Lunch and Indian Dinner included)
08:30 Departure from hotel fully guided tour of Ephesus, one of the best preserved ancient sites in the world en-route, visiting the Temple of Artemis, Curetes street, famous Roman baths, Celsus Library and Grand theatre. Lunch break around 13:00pm. After the lunch, we will visit a place which continues to perform one of the oldest arts of Turkey; a carpet weaving centre. After Lunch we will do a Turkish Village Tour. Sirince’s construction style today belongs to Anatolian Greeks. The houses on the slope are all Orginal with their white paints. Sirince Village also has a fantastic reputation for making some of the best wines in Turkey – especially fruit wines. We will visit the vineyards and it is time to learn how to make fruit wine with Turkish wine makers. In the evening you will be tested about your knowledge of making fruit wine. On the way we will visit one of the famous leather production centers of the region, where you will have the opportunity to get a good factory rate. On this guided tour, you will avoid the constant nagging and sometimes bullying that is well known in the markets of Turkey. Enabling you to enjoy the shopping experience whilst gaining the knowledge of the ancient craftsmen Overnight in Kusadasi.

Day 5 – Kusadasi – Pamukkale Tour – Wednesday
(Breakfast, Indian Lunch and Indian Dinner included)
At 08:00 we depart for Pamukkale Tour. We will check at the hotel around 12.00 and we have a lunch break until 13.30. Afterwards we shall visit the calcium terraces of Pamukkale (cotton castle) and the ruins of Hierapolis, then walk around this natural phenomenon and have the option of lying in the waters of the natural springs.

Overnight in Pamukkale

Day 6 – Pamukkale- Denizli to Istanbul – End of Tour – Thursday
(Breakfast included)
Today we depart for Denizli airport for our domestic flight to Istanbul and then back to home. We hope your tour was a memorable one and we would like to see you in the future in one of our tours again. Have a nice trip back home and thanks for choosing TravelShop Turkey.