Span with Portugal Tour Package of Spain and Portugal introduces you to fascinating Iberian cities and exciting cultural discoveries. With Spain’s vibrant history, cultures, and historic sites, we will help you in deciding where to go, when to go, how long to stay, and how to get the most bang for your buck can be tough.

 

Tour Highlights
• Value-for-Money holiday which you will cherish for a lifetime
• Visit 10 cities in 11 days: Lisbon, Sintra, Seville, Cordoba, Granada, Malaga, Toledo, Madrid
and Barcelona
• All Important attractions and sightseeing included. Sintra, Entrance to Alhambra Palace &
Generalife Gardens, Visit Sword Factory, Entrance to Bullfighting Ring, Visit Sagrada
Familia, Excursion to Montserrat.
• Guided tours in Lisbon, Seville, Cordoba, Granada, Toledo, Madrid, Valencia, Barcelona
• Services of a Professional & Knowledgeable Tour Manager accompanying you throughout
the tour
• Accommodation in superior 4-star hotels
• Daily Continental buffet breakfast.
• Delicious unlimited variety of Jain, veg and nonveg Indian meals included as per itinerary.
• Daily mineral water bottle (500ml)
• Driver tips included

 

DAY 1: Arrive in Lisbon.
Welcome to Lisbon, the capital city of Portugal. It is famous for its sunny weather, great nightlife,
colourful buildings, Fado music, and friendly locals. It’s also home to famous landmarks like the
Belem Tower and Jerónimos Monastery. On arrival in Lisbon, get greeted by your friendly professional Tour Manager who will take you to your hotel and assist you with your check in.
Relax in the comforts of your hotel.
Overnight in Lisbon (Dinner)

DAY 2: Guided city tour of Lisbon. Photo-stop at Belem Tower. Orientation tour of Sintra.
Today after breakfast, meet your professional English speaking guide and proceed for your guided city tour. Stroll Lisbon’s historic cobblestone streets filled with intrigue and culture during on this guided tour. Walk the city’s oldest quarter, Moorish Alfama and art deco-style Chiado districts. see landmarks like the Sé Cathedral and Commerce Square. Plus, stroll to the city’s best cafes and boutiques with your expert guide showing you local ‘Lisboa.’
Visit Avenida da Liberdade – the most expensive and fancy avenue in Lisbon.
Praca dos Restauradores, Igreja de Sao Domingos, Chiado etc. Later we proceed to see the Belem
Tower for a photo-stop. It is an imposing medieval defensive tower on the northern bank of the
River Tagus in Lisbon and a symbol of Europe’s Age of Discovery. Belém Tower is sometimes
known as The Tower of St Vincent as its construction celebrated the expedition to India of Vasco
da Gama, the famous Portuguese explorer. Next, we drive to Sintra. Discover the most enchanting
palaces in Europe wrapped in stunning natural beauty. Visit the Pena Palace, walk through the
colorful streets of the village, taste one of the best Portuguese dishes and pass the Estoril coast
with its beautiful beaches. See the magical Pena Palace with its colorful architectural
extravagance and lush garden, pass through the picturesque village of Cascais and the Estoril
Coast with its vast and beautiful beaches.
Overnight in Lisbon (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)

DAY 3: Drive to Seville. Enjoy the Flamenco Show.
Check out from your hotel and relax in your coach as we drive to Seville, the largest city in Southern Spain. It was said to have been built by Hercules himself and its fascinating history makes it one of Spain’s most intriguing places to visit. On arrival in Seville, transfer to your hotel and check in. Later in the evening be ready to live an authentic Flamenco experience! Enjoy an electrifying Flamenco show of flamboyant dancing, singing, hand clapping and rousing guitar music.
Overnight in Seville (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)

DAY 4: Guided city tour of Seville. Drive to Granada. Enroute, guided city tour of Cordoba. Visit Monastery of San Jerenimo.

Today we check out from the hotel and explore the shiny and sunbathed city is the home of Flamenco and Andalusian culture in general with a professional English speaking guide. Its rich heritage is
mirrored on its streets and monuments, especially in the old town where scenes of romance are on every corner on this guided tour. See the most famous landmark of Seville, the Catedral de Santa
María de la Sede, the largest gothic church in Spain, a UNESCO World Heritage Site and the final resting place of Christopher Columbus. La Giralda, Real Alcázar, Plaza Nueva, Aire de Sevilla, Catedral de Sevilla and Giralda etc. Come through the old city of Seville, to the cathedral, the Alcázar and the main highlights of the capital of Andalucia. Later we drive to Cordoba. Enroute, have a brief halt at Home to the largest old town in Spain and the only city in the world to have four Unesco-protected sites. On arrival, start with your orientation city tour. Walk through the streets of the city at your own pace, with breaks to take photos, eat or buy a souvenir. You will see the monuments and attractions of Córdoba: Mosque-Cathedral of Córdoba, Alcázar de los Reyes Cristianos, Roman Bridge, Puerta del Puente, Patio de los Naranjos, Jewish Quarter of Córdoba, Plaza of the Corredera etc. Next we visit the Monastery of San Jernimo. This building has been considered an architectural jewel among the religious buildings of Córdoba since the beginning of the 15th century. It was the first monastery of the Sisters of St Jerome in Spain.
Continue your drive to Granada and check in to your hotel.
Overnight in Granada (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)

DAY 5: Guided city tour of Granada. Visit Alhambra Palace and Generalife Gardens. Orientation tour of Malaga.
Today after breakfast, meet your professional English-speaking guide and follow your guide into the narrow streets covered in white houses, Roman Bridge gardened patios and many springs that mix in harmony Arabic and Christian architecture. Marvel at the famous Puerta Elvira (Gate of Elvira),
Puerta Monaita (Monaita Gate), Palacio de Dar-al-Horra, Convent of Santa Isabel la Real etc. Visit the
Alhambra Palace, situated atop a hill overlooking Granada, Spain, is a breathtaking testament to Moorish art and architecture. Learn about history, the enclave, the spaces that make up the monumental complex and museums, to discover everything that the monumental complex of the Alhambra and Generalife have to offer. Each step through the Alhambra’s halls reveals a tapestry of history, from the Generalife Gardens’

tranquility to the Nasrid Palaces’ opulent chambers. The Alhambra’s grandeur extends beyond its
physical beauty; it whispers tales of Moorish culture, Islamic influence, and the enduring allure of
a palace that has stood the test of time, leaving an indelible mark on the landscape and the hearts
of those fortunate enough to wander its halls.
Following that, sit back in your coach as we drive to Malaga for an orientation tour. Discover
Málaga and the charm of its streets, squares, and hidden corners. The Cathedral, Calle Larios, the
Atarazanas Market, the Roman Theater and the Alcazaba are just some of the emblematic
monuments that you will see. Additionally, you will discover the peculiar history of Malaga with
some secret legends and facts that will let you fall in love with this city.
Overnight in Granada (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)

DAY 6: Onto Madrid. Enroute visit Toledo.
Check out from your hotel and proceed to Madrid, one of Europe’s most dynamic capital and greenest cities. It is known for its historical buildings, food markets, and the royals. Within its boundaries you’ll find a range of cultural and historical treasures such as the Royal Palace, Royal Theater along with numerous museums and art galleries that are unmatched elsewhere in Europe. Enroute we visit the Imperial former capital city of Toledo, where you will be escorted through its narrow cobblestone streets, soaking up the medieval atmosphere. The visit will include the interior of the magnificent Gothic cathedral and a visit to St. Tome Church, where El Greco’s masterpiece painting is displayed. Next we visit the Toledo Sword Factory. Toledo steel, historically known for being unusually hard, is from Toledo, Spain, which has been a traditional sword-making and a metal-working center. The swords forged in Toledo, Spain, were once considered the finest in the world. Continue your drive to Madrid. On arrival, Check in and relax in the comforts of your hotel.
Overnight in Madrid (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)

DAY 7: Guided city tour of Madrid. Photo-stop at Royal Palace. Visit Bullfighting Ring.
This morning, meet your guide will take you to visit the city of Madrid which will allow you to see Madrid’s most outstanding attractions, like the Puerta del Sol, the magnificent fountains of Neptune
and Cibeles, the stately Alcala Gate, the busy Gran Via, the Plaza de España and the Plaza de Oriente. Next, proceed to the Royal Palace of Madrid. It is the official residence of the Spanish royal family at
the city of Madrid, although now used only for state ceremonies. It is the largest functioning royal palace and the largest by floor area in Europe. Next we proceed to visit a famous Bullfighting Ring. To many, the image of Spain is closely associated with bullfights – an art that became popular in the early twelfth century and is still very much alive.
Overnight in Madrid (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)

DAY 8: Onto Valencia. Guided tour of Valencia.
Post breakfast, check out from the hotel as we drive to Valencia which is supposedly known for
its vibrant culture, historical significance, and beautiful landscapes. Meet your professional English-speaking guide and proceed for guided tour through the historic center and visit the most emblematic monuments, with a focus on the city’s three World Heritage properties. The city of Valencia boasts more than 21 centuries of history, dozens of monuments from every era, and three World Heritage properties. Visit Valencia’s most emblematic monuments. Visit the Lonja de la Seda. Discover the Silk Exchange (Lonja de la Seda), the Water Tribunal (Tribunal de las Aguas), and the Fallas (an annual festival featuring ephemeral art, fire, and fireworks). Few destinations in the world can boast three different cultural attractions on the prestigious UNESCO list. Later visit the famous vineyards of Valencia and Uncork the secrets of Valencian wine. Discover the ancient art of winemaking in Spain as you journey through the historic Utiel-Requena region. Later drive to your hotel and check in.
Overnight in Valencia (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)

DAY 9: Drive to Barcelona. Guided city tour of Barcelona. Visit Sagrada Familia.
Today we check out from the hotel and proceed to the much awaited city of Barcelona. The
vibrant capital of Catalonia in northeastern Spain, is a city that seamlessly blends rich history,
modern design, and a captivating cultural scene. Its iconic architecture, notably the mesmerizing works of Antoni Gaudí such as the Sagrada Família and Park Güell, defines the city’s skyline. Upon arrival, proceed for a Guided tour of Barcelona. Enjoy a guided walking tour of Barcelona’s Gothic Quarter, with a professional English speaking guide to accompany you. Wander past important historic monuments such as the Saló del Tinell, the Capella de Santa Àgata and the Palau del Lloctinent. Visit the Olympic Village, Columbus monument and Montjuïc Mountain where you will be able to see the Olympic Stadium, see Plaza de Cataluna, lively Ramblas the most famous street of
Barcelona. Next we visit Sagrada Familia. The Sagrada Família is a large unfinished Roman Catholic minor basilica and is a one-of-a-kind temple, for its origins, foundation and purpose. Five generations now have watched the Temple progress in Barcelona. Today, more than 135 years after the laying of the cornerstone, construction continues on the Basilica.
Overnight in Barcelona (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)

DAY 10: Excursion to Montserrat. Free time at the lively Lam Ramblas.
Today post breakfast, we will be proceeding to one of the most popular day trip from Barcelona – Montserrat. It a visit to a unique mountain range offering views over Catalonia. Venture into the Catalan countryside to visit Montserrat on this full-day tour from Barcelona. See the Basilica and
Monastery on Montserrat, a beautiful, multi-peak mountain with dramatic rock formations, with free time to continue exploring the museum, farmer’s market, or views from the ridge of Cavall Bernat. Later return to the city and have some free time at Lam Ramblas. As a cultural and social hub, Las Ramblas captures the essence of Barcelona’s dynamic spirit, making it a must-visit destination for those seeking the city’s unique charm.
Overnight in Barcelona (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)

Day 11: Fly back home
Your memorable holiday ends, today it’s time to fly back home. Say goodbye to the wonderful new
friends you have made on the tour. Check out and depart for the Airport with pleasant memories
of your European trip which you will cherish for a lifetime. (Breakfast)

Inclusion: Sightseeing and excursions
PORTUGAL
Lisbon
• City tour with a local guide
• Photo-stop at Belem Tower
Sintra
• Orientation tour of Sintra

SPAIN
Seville
• Experience the Flamenco Show
• City tour with a local guide
Cordoba
• City tour with a local guide
Granada
• City tour with a local guide
• Entrance to Alhambra Palace and Generalife Gardens
Malaga
• Orientation tour of Malaga
Madrid
• City tour with a local guide
• Photo-stop at the Royal Palace
• Entrance to Bullfighting Ring
Valencia
• City tour with a local guide
Barcelona
• City tour with a local guide
• Entrance Sagrada Familia.
• Excursion to Montserrat
• Free time at Las Ramblas