TOUR ROUTE: Istanbul – Kusadasi – Ephesus – Pamukkale – Cappadocia and domestic flight back to Istanbul

If you are looking for something special and extraordinary then look no further. The best 8 Days Wonderful Turkey Escorted Tour Package in Turkey, including Istanbul, Kusadasi, Ephesus, Pamukkale & Capppadocia. This an exquisite tour for you with all the bells and whistles. There are no long bus rides just domestic flights getting you to your destination comfortable and relaxed.

Highlights
Istanbul Old City
Bosphorus Cruise
Ephesus
Pamukkale
Cappadocia
Underground City
Goreme Open Air Museum
 

8 DAYS WONDERFUL TURKEY ESCORTED TOUR ITINERARY:
 

Day 1 – Istanbul – Arrival Day
Upon our arrival at Istanbul International Airport, your guide will meet, assist and transfer you to the hotel. Istanbul was the capital city of Byzantium & Roman Empires and Ottoman State. It is a most fascinating city, which actually crosses two continents Europe and Asia. It is a city of amalgamation of museums, bazaars, minarets, mosques, churches, palaces, and restaurants catering to every one’s taste, customs and fifteen million people. Overnight in Istanbul.

Day 2 – Istanbul City Tour
(Breakfast and Lunch included)
After breakfast, we have Istanbul City Tour. Our first visit will be HIPPODROME. Ancient Hippodrome was the scene of chariot races, with the three monuments; the Obelisk of Theodosius, the bronze Serpentine Column and the Column of Constantine. Than we will visit SULTANAHMET IMPERIAL MOSQUE. Across from Hagia Sophia Grand Mosque, it was built in the 16th century by the architect Mehmet, is known as the BLUE MOSQUE because of its magnificent interior decoration of blue Iznik tiles. Our next visit will be HAGIA SOPHIA GRAND MOSQUE. The Hagia Sophia Grand Mosque, previously known as the Church of Divine Wisdom, is simply the best of its kind! Hagia Sophia pm. After the lunch, We will take you to the ASIL EFENDI which is a unique atmosphere with reasonable prices for your shopping. Here you will find; Exotic Spices and Herbs, Turkish Baklava, Turkish Delights, Turkish Coffee, nuts and fruits, small souvenirs such as Ceramic Handicrafts, Evil Eyes totems, all naturel olive oil, soaps and many other goods in Souvenir Shops and stores. After the tour, transfer back to your hotel.

Please Note: Please do not forget to carry headscarf with you for the visit of religious places as Blue Mosque & Haghia Sophia Mosque.

Day 3 – Istanbul Bosphorus Cruise and Flight to Izmir / Kusadasi
(Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner included)
After breakfast enjoy BOSPORUS BY BOAT; a traditional excursion by boat along the waterway separating Europe and Asia. The shore lined with old wooden villas, palaces of marble, fortresses, and small fishing villages. During the excursion, you will see the magnificent sights of the following attractions from your boat. See Dolmabahce Palace, and further along, the parks and imperial pavilions of Yildiz Palace. On the coastal edge of this park, is Ciragan Palace, 300 meters of its marble facade faces the shore. At Ortakoy a great variety of artists, gather every sunday to display their work along the street. Ortakoy is a symbol of tolerance with a church, a mosque and a synagogue existing side by side for centuries. RUMELI FORTRESS (view from boat), Built by Mehmet the Conqueror in 1452 prior to the conquest of Istanbul was completed in only four months to control and protect the infamous Bosporus passage. It is one of the most beautiful works of military architecture anywhere in the world. BEYLERBEYI PALACE (view from boat), is the summer residence of Ottoman sultans exists in its original renovated glory featuring original antique furniture and magnificent gardens with the Harem on the Asian side of Istanbul. Lunch break at the Turkish restaurant. After the lunch we will then take you to the GRAND SPICE BAZAAR, which is a unique atmosphere with reasonable prices for your shopping. Here you will find; Exotic Spices and Herbs, Turkish Baklava, Turkish Delights, Turkish Coffee, nuts and fruits, small souvenirs such as Ceramic Handicrafts, Evil Eyes totems, all naturel olive oil, soaps and many other goods in Souvenir Shops and stores. After the tour transfer to Istanbul Airport for domestic flight to Izmir. Transfer from airport and check in to your hotel in Kusadasi. Dinner and overnight in Kusadasi.

Day 4 – Kusadasi – Ephesus Tour – Turkish Village Sirince
(Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner included)
After breakfast between 08:30 am, departure from hotel fully guided tour of Ephesus, one of the best-preserved ancient sites in the world en – route, visiting the Temple of Artemis, Curetes street, famous Roman baths, Celsus Library and Grand theatre. Lunch break around 13:00 pm. After the lunch, we will visit a place, which continues to perform one of the oldest arts of Turkey; a carpet-weaving centre. After lunch, we will do a Turkish Village Tour. Sirince’s construction style today belongs to Anatolian Greeks. The houses on the slope are all Orginal with their white paints. Sirince Village also has a fantastic reputation for making some of the best wines in Turkey – especially fruit wines. We will see the vineyards and it is time to learn how to make fruit wine. In the evening, you will be tested about your knowledge of making fruit wine. On the way, we will visit one of the famous leather production centers of the region, where you will have the opportunity to get a good factory rate. On this guided tour, you will avoid the constant nagging and sometimes bullying that is well known in the markets of Turkey. Enabling you to enjoy the shopping experience whilst gaining the knowledge of the ancient craftsmen. Dinner and Overnight in Kusadasi.

Day 5 – Kusadasi – Pamukkale Tour
(Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner included)
We depart for Pamukkale at 08:00 am. Upon arrival to Pamukkale we have a lunch break until 13:30 pm. Afterwards we shall visit the calcium terraces of Pamukkale (cotton castle) and the ruins of Hierapolis, then walk around this natural phenomenon and have the option of lying in the waters of the natural springs. Denizli/Pamukkale means seaside in Turkish and is located on the Buyuk Menderes River. It is a growing industrial town, known for its textile industry and outlet shopping. You will visit one of the famous textile factories of Pamukkale. This tour will end approximately 18.30 and you will be back to your hotel. Dinner and Overnight in Kusadasi.

Day 6 – Kusadasi – Izmir to Nevsehir / Kayseri Airport and Cappadocia
(Breakfast and Dinner included)
After breakfast, we depart for İzmir Airport for our domestic flight to Cappadocia. Transfer from Kayseri airport to your hotel. The rest of the day is yours to explore Cappadocia. Dinner and Overnight in Cappadocia. Please Note: If you wish to join our optional activity of Cappadocia Hor Air Ballooning for tomorrow, please contact with your guide and register because it will take place early the next morning.

Day 7 – Cappadocia Underground City & Goreme Open Air Museum
(Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner included)
After breakfast at 09:30 depart for Cappadocia Tour. We will drive you to Ozkonak Underground City, one of the best preserved Underground cities in Cappadocia. After Underground City tour, you visit Goreme Open Air Museum, the Heart of Cappadocia. Goreme Open Air Museum is famous for frescoes dating to 10th century describing the life of Jesus Christ and monks. Next stop is Cavusin, which is an abandoned village with old cave Greek houses. After Cavusin you go to the restaurant in Avanos to have lunch. After lunch, you visit a pottery work shop, to see how to make potteries. Then you go to Love Valley. Love Valley Cappadocia is a hidden valley with scenic formations to say the least. Despite the resemblance to man hood, these amazing rock formations are far from man-made. Next stop is Devrent Valley, which is also called Imagination Valley, where you can see natural rock formations looking like animals. Last stop is Three Beauties, three beautiful fairy chimneys with their hats, which is the symbol of Cappadocia. This tour will end approximately at 18.00 and you will be returned back to your hotel. Dinner and Overnight in Cappadocia.

Day 8 – Cappadocia to Istanbul – End of Tour
(Breakfast included)
After breakfast you will have free time in Cappadocia. Today we depart to Kayseri Airport for our domestic flight to Istanbul and then back to home. We hope your tour was a memorable one and we would like to see you in the future in one of our tours again.