Day 1 : Arrive  Bali  ( No meal)

Arrival at Ngurah Rai International Airport, welcoming by our guide and transfer to hotel. Overnight .

 

Day 2 : Penglipuran Village – Kintamani Volcano – Coffee Plantation – Tirta Empul ( B. L. D )

Breakfast at  hotel. Visit Penglipuran Village. Then continue to Kintamani Tours will visit Kintamani  village for enjoy the beautiful view Volcano of Mount Batur and Lake Batur. Lunch at Local Restaurant with mount and lake batur views. After lunch visit Bali Coffee Plantation, is a place to see various Tropical plantations such as coffee robusta, plain Balinese potatoes, cacao, durian tree and many more. Then visit Tirta Empul Temple or Tampak Siring Temple is a holy spring water temple located in Tampak Siring Village. Then continue to Celuk Village, is the famous village in Bali as a tourist destination cause of the local resident is very proactive to the gold and silver crafting. Dinner at Local restaurant. Back to Hotel and free on your own program. Dinner at Local restaurant. Back to Hotel and free on your own program.

 

Day 3 :  Bedugul – Tanah Lot  (B. L. D)

Departure from the hotel at 8:00 am ,  visit  Taman Ayun temple then  Ulundanu  , located at  Lake Bratan, bedugul. exploring the traditional market Bedugul, lunch at Bedugul, after lunch continue towards to villages with excellent  landscapes of rice terraces, clove plantations and tropical fruits  at Jatiluwih  village , then  visit the icon object  of Tanah Lot. then return  to hotel

 

Day 4 :  Water Blow – Garuda Wisnu Kencana  – Uluwatu – Kecak  (B . L. D)

Breakfast at  hotel, morning free to enjoy swim and fun at water blow beach until lunch time, after lunch visit monument of Garuda Wisnu Kencana then  visit Uluwatu Temple  , then continuing with Kecak fire dance at location  then return to hotel .

 

Day 5  : Full day Safari   ( B .D)

After breakfast , depart from hotel to Bali Safari, for full day activities, evening before return to hotel, dinner seafood at Jimbaran.

 

Day 6 : Free until transfer out  ( B. )

After breakfast  free time, until transfer to airport for return to home country